but you shattered my dreams.
another piece of me chiselled away by their cruel remarks and perceptions,
i love you completely you will find my body on the lot on the north side of the house.
Every conversation turned to an extreme religious belief.
HeRe I am my place of death, I am Shaking and cold, I walked out of WORK and into (REMOVED) and bought this Notebook and pen a whole 10 mins ago but it feels like days.
i expect pain very likely to outweigh happiness and satisfaction in my life.
in hopes the almighty will pardon me was i sure of that i should leave the world without the least regret.
And yet I beg that the witnesses who did not bring forward their knowledge until too late will not upbraid themselves.
i had some friends and i would have missed them.
PEACE FAMILY,
he said do you want to fuck me fag boy.
comrades do not think me weak.
I took a paper around among the tenants to this effect, which they signed, and which I sent to the judge by my lawyer; also a paper to the same effect, which my landlord stood prepared to attest before a notary, if need be.
i saw many wrongdoings by the president and the director and i thought just this much will be all right.
i love you.
i cannot help dying with contempt for myself as the scum of society and an ungrateful coward.
no other single reason is more important or less temporary.
My lifestyle change drastically over the last few months.
The book has been favorably reviewed by medical magazines of standing, and has been approved by physicians of reputation.
So, I didn't find it important enough to share.
a sense of failing health of physical decadence.
Jesus, where are you?
I have refrained from any negative comments in the hopes that individuals will relaize their wrong doings.
i feel we cannot go through another of those terrible times.
i am enclosing your pin because i want you to think of what you took from me every time you see it.
you both warned me & wish more than you guys & could of got it together - I love you both so much - you're a great son & mom.
i can barely see what i am writing.
even if you are christian or are against transgender people do not ever say that to someone, especially your kid.
I have been purchasing lot's of items from you.
My Family is also in no way affiliated with my actions, no one is, encept myself.
Whenever you saw me I was on top of the world, because you pulled me up there.
I've forgiven them number of times but it was my biggest mistake.
They partition the world into good and evil and survive by hating everything they fear or misunderstand and calling it love.
I rarely felt that I was successful explaining my ideas, perceptions, understandings to others.
My family is very innocent.
he is innocent.
even if the mad killer epithet will be attributed to me by the media, i consider myself a rational erudite that only the arrival of the grim reaper has forced to take extreme acts.
You may recall those days of twenty years ago when we discussed "Empedocles on Etna" - under the linden trees.
People say suicide is selfish.
they led me to destroy the proof of their misdeeds and still they behave as if they have nothing to do with me.
they were extremely excited to see me and talk to me, but only at first.
please pray for me.
h. v. kleist but how this whole thing came to pass i will let you know another time today i am in too great a hurry.
the doctor who gave it to me calmed me down.
This darkness, which is the only way I can describe it, has followed me like a fog, but at times intensified and overwhelmed me, usually triggered by a distinct situation.
All of this has destabilized me, I'm not as strong as any of you, it seems.
in particular my remorse is bitter over my failure to appreciate my beautiful lost angel carlotta the only woman i ever loved and whom i respect and admire above all the rest of the human race.
lay down your life with your child.
weak women have done it.
mallory is such a great women.
However, the challenges facing a person are already so great that all but the weakest would give up, these extra factors are enough to push a person over the edge.
the will establish if my contention is right or not.
Now it is self-evideut to any one having knowledge of medicine that no one addicted to morphine could bo murdered with five grains of that drug, because for such a person five grains would not be a fatal dose.
the loss of caylee marie.
Call my grandma, NAME at ADDRESS and let her know I love her too.
You created rumors and twisted words.
i love you.
She would have brought me money and professional success; she would have graced my home, and had I known of her sad habit it would have been my happiness to shield and cure her.
again, i do not feel sorry for myself, but yes i am stupid.
do not you hear.
[name removed] started this.
It is strange that most if not all of this destruction is instigated by people who claim to believe in God, or Allah.
But I feel like i have to.
you have to step across.
first of all, I would like to declare that NO BODY /NOTHING has compelled me to take this step.
no more i will wash, iron & mend any clothes.
many thanks to professor felice lieh-mak (cheung's last psychiatrist).
take our life from us.
Or even ask me how I'm feeling about it.
Every one of the paragraphs indicted in "The Wedding Night" is the outcome of talks which I have had with distinguished physicians and also with men and women among my pupils.
i have already lost everything.
"i must end it.
i am never going to be happy.
I would have got something for sure.
I am sorry.
well some everybody dies.
This address both shar b have what you need.
You are one of the best people live ever met.
i think, 'yes!
if you, who is reading this letter can do anything for me, i have to get 7 months of my fellowship, one lakh and seventy five thousand rupees.
It is for you.
He couldn't keep his dirty hands off me or any of my teenage girlfriends.
i however want to die quietly and out of the public eye.
There is also about 1 million Oct The 2 in non schuob mutual funds, also in the bottom left drower.
uma anna, sorry for using your room for this thing.
It iS true that I have found that I am capable Of finding same kind Of reprieve by doing things that are worthwhile an the scale Of life and death.
i have thought for a long time about comiting suicide.
I'm dieing, praying, bleeding and screaming
these days i see no light i wake up not wanting to wake up.
The darkness will always be with me.
I also have struggled with depression and probably a few other issues.
Thank you for all the beautiful motivational wisdom you for sure are the best a friend could ever ask for beautiful, smart, always there.
they could not fucking take it and i know that without a doubt.
All my life I have tried to do the right thing, and always looked forward to doing the right thing among my fellow humankind , but of late, I have seen the blurring of the distinction between right and wrong.
I am sure the results will clear me but no one will believe it.
It leaves us to Where all we have to 100k forward to iS constant pain, misery, poverty, and dishonor.
At 40+ years old with a random patchwork of a resume, I've been virtually unemployable.
i have no will of my own.
And even if I had fought through the darkness and married and had children all while being unable to feel intimacy, I could have never done that if suicide were a possibility.
Forgive me.
in my bad time my friend NAME n NAME help me lot but it's my bad luck that I been part of there life.
Please make sure my kids know I love them.
then i think about comitting suicide agaoin.
I am sorry that I didn't fight til end but I cannot handle this anymore.
exit strategy for me other than the one I have chosen here.
So I watched as things fell apart between us.
my birth is my fatal accident.
I'm so sorry.
Jesus, if your are alive, could you please reveal yourself to me?
it is simple theres no convulsions with it.
the other patients and one orderly helped me a lot more than he did.
He was and alwasy will be my essence and ashe grows, I wnat him to know that..
Love NAME x.
please think kindly of me and forgive me.
I feel pain in my heart and brain all the time.
I've chosen my destiny.
I think This the best I can do to end this madness.
i have long forgiven those who have hurt me, but i have not and cannot come to terms to forgive myself for the things i have done to myself, and the things i have done to hurt those in my life.
at the end, i have no option other than committing suicide.
they would be outraged, and rightfully so.
never again.
This is cruelly false.
I love you NAME
Many of the irresponsible things I did were the result of the darkness.
john copping a fouryear navy veteran set himself on fire in 1967.
and I love you
It's selfishly time for me to be happy and I know you can get down with that.
in time, you will see how appreciated you are, as well as all the others equally!
my comrade government my family is lilia brik my mother my sisters and veronica vitoldovna polonskaya.
There's no way I can fix this or even push the darkness down far enough to make a relationship or any type of intimacy feasible.
I believe him with suspicion but till now he tried to do sex 8 to 10 times with me but was unable to do with me we never had intercourse.
You both deserve a better life than this.
people who call and write are exasperated and feel helpless.
i was excited, i finally had my friends back.
i blame no one and feel i have no enemies.
I love you.
In kindergarten I couldn't use the bathroom and would stand petrified whenever I needed to, which started a trend of awkward and unexplained social behavior.
I stopped sleeping soundly.
I had hopes that coming from the [?]
I was happy but I also was lost for words
I'm messed up inside.
i have simply come to the point of despair.
To everyone else FUCK YOU.
Understanding my desire to do with Kids (Carlin - gave up)
Today will be the last time.
i would not be around when you read this letter.
I love you all so much and I don't want anyone to miss me just think about how much better you are off without me to support.
Let NAME know I love her and if it had come down to it I would have taken a bullet for her.
seems to be getting the better of me fast.
just think!
dear mum,
Business and industry have more power than ever before, and individuals have less.
i am sorry we're not going to have our chance.
i loved to act and sing.
Sorry for not sharing.
Transfer the love you had for me to him.
i will not be allowed to love and trust everybody.
i never told this to anyone because I was in love with him I thought one day everything would b okay.
i am really happy now.
the life i would have lived is not worth living in? because i am transgender.
they are the fucking fags.
Oh yeah I want [Priest's name] to speak @ the funeral his words are beautiful a body viewing & open casket is up to family.
no more i will have to eat the leftover articles that was cooked the day before.
You have not thought about the stigma I have to live with for the rest of my life, you have not apologized or once asked is there something you can do to make it better or even felt bad for it.
i have had a great life great friends please think of the real o. j. and not this lost person.
i hoped to reread "a death in venice" (t. mann), but it is a long ways away back at home.
I'm exhausted from feeling like this every hour of every day.
give money to construct n I give road to his property but both chitted me n bailkmail me.
my life is complete except all my brothers are in troublewar poverty hunger hostility.
Best childhood I could had dreamed.
i do not look at their problems as trivial any more.
please bury me next to my baby.
I again paid 8,55,000 + 2 lakh as ordered by court.
you once said, the first time i heard you talk at the actor's studio, "there is only concentration between the actor and suicide".
i love you so completely whole heartedly without restraint.
I do not want him to booked for my suicide.
For the sake of preventing future loss of life rather it be from the hand of bad cops upon meinnated people, or from the hand of the people upon good cops, I do not ask but order ( With & By the power of the people behind me ) for All bad cops to be punished swiftly, completly, & us?unhesitantingly; for all unethical police practices & procedures To cease immediately.
The extortion till the video become viral was not violent but emotional, a clever play of gestures & words by a much younger woman to lead him on to lose his senses & shower her with money.
Before you I might not have had very much but had respect.
papa i cannot live without him as he has turned me out of his house today.
It breaks my heart, what this is going to do to you two.
they wanted me to be their perfect little straight christian boy, and that's obviously not what i wanted.
I refused to take advantage of an opportunity to escape.
You provided for me more than I even wanted, took me to places that most of my mates have not even heard of, yet despite all these, my heart was longing for love.
and i was stupid for doing that.
Fed up (sic).
you know for months, as a matter of fact, for a year or so, i brought stuff up, only to be told not to be negative.
you stupid (REMOVED) Is tongues and prophecy Still for today?
I would like joe vendolo to have my radios & coyster stuff.
NAME & NAME even after labing 95 lacs want to w nest control of the hotel.
I was not away.
please forgive me.
If you can't understand this decision, I hope you can at least forgive me.
I have waited patiently so long as there was the remotest chance of obtaining justice, refusing to run away even when under sentence of death.
the car needs oil in the gearbox by the way.
I would also miss unexpected hugs, Al Green's Simply Beautiful.
she has a heart condition.
It feels incredibly lonely to realize you can never share something with someone and have it be between just the two of you.
And although I am going to a brighter and a happier land, nevertheless, I shall still look down upon you all here, and long and long and long that you may know something of the radiantly happy and holy life which is possible fore every married couple who will practice these teachings.
this is a plea..
in keeping with channel 40s policy of bringing you the latest in blood and guts in living color we bring you another first an attempted suicide.
i was so glad i did not die.
NAME had dropped the 'bomb' which he boasted of claimed NAME in private to me and laughed.
what makes it nevertheless hard to take this final step is the reflection of the pain it is bound to inflict on my few surviving friends and above all my wife cynthia.
for example when we are back stage and the lights go out and the manic roar of the crowds begins., it does not affect me the way in which it did for freddie mercury, who seemed to love, relish in the the love and adoration from the crowd which is something i totally admire and envy.
reasons for deciding to put an end to my life are simple and compelling parkinsons disease and the slow killing variety of leukemia ccl.
judge demiria has already told the press that he, quote, 'felt invigorated' when we were found guilty, and that he plans to imprison me as a deterrent to other public officials.
i believe that it is advisable if ones inclinations lead to the antisocial side.
I actively despise the person I am.
my eyes glazed and absent.
Thus, I am left With basically nothing.
And yes, I realize this indicates that I have severe trust issues, but they're based on a large number of experiences with people who have shown a profound disrespect for their word and the privacy of others.
was lasted for driving on 15 year license twice and having drugs and a sagarate time for carring a pistol.
That was my favourite thing about you.
But When I came for joining they asked for "extra" 2 lakhs in the name of caution money & extra curricular activities etc.
I make a final offering of flesh for the children.
Its teachings will make your married lives healthier, happier, holier.
I love you two.
I WILL SEE YOU & MOM AGAIN SOMEDAY.
Are not smokers choosing death by lung cancer?
i tried it five years ago.
There is no one who had it harder than me, no one weaker than me.
It was hard to end it.
they always try to misrepresent them every time they can.
Well I have to.
He chose to stay with me when you and dad were too busy to notice my loneliness.
I am hurting too blud, and I really need to rest.
as you get this letter, this should be no surprise that i have decided to leave the earth, because i need to be with caylee marie.
Since then, I have tried everything to fill the void.
I have no clue how my future is going to be.
This is where I am now.
i was here.
love and holidays are not for pne.
could it really be so awful?" that's what i say to myself now.
i am angry only because he has suspected me without any basis.
[smiley face inside the o]
I love you both and life with you both would have been wonderful if I had not messed it up and myself.
and that's why i am doing this.
at the end of the school year, my parents finally came around and gave me my phone and let me back on social media.
I will have no way to face up to my friends.
she said it happens to a lot of people, the pills would not hurt me.
Thank for your love and support through all the hard years.
He wants to be my man and provider.
i am being called!
i have reached out for help so many times, and yet i believe, i was turned away because of the things i did, that it is a punishment i am willing to take, for i know that being who i am has only brought myself and others pain.
i am never going to have enough friends to satisfy me.
you are so lovely and dear to my heart and you possess such incredible beauty.
everything has gone from me but the certainty of your goodness.
i feel justified in terminating a life which no longer holds any hope of having the essentials which make it worth living - i did desperately want to get well - i still had much to live for - hope for recovery - hope of a reunion with the children - work which i loved and which could have given me financial security and great satisfaction.
remember that which was good and lovely in our relationship and forgive me for the many mistakes i have made.
67. you are getting greedy.
It was easy to say end it.
Here is my request; when I am gone, could you please use a bit of the taxes that I have paid over the years, if that would not make me a scrounger, to cremate my body and release the ashes somewhere in the wild.
and if they find out he can use it and uncle 13. veants it i am going to be his donor.
I have tried to keep him as a friend and brother for a long time now - you know that.
all the wordings from the punk rock 101. i have not felt the excitement of listening to as well as creating music along with reading and writing for too many years now.i have tried everything thats in my power to appreciate it and i do.
You meet enough people, date enough, and you know what's right when you see it.
i want you to know that i have a deep affection for you.
would be fighting for me and for the project.
I anyway would just have been a living dead body.
I thought perhaps I could make some headway with thiS film p1oject, maybe even directly appealing to those I had wronged and exposing a greater truth, but that iS also now being taken away from me.
i am happy.
Only one of my books, that on "The Wedding Night," is at present under legal ban.
It doesn't affect me the way in which it did for Freddy Mercury who seemes to love.
that's pathetic.
Thank you.
you are special.
The ones used to buy me when I was having a bad day.
before it is too late.
I'm so sorry for this.
As I hustled year in and year out, fought through another failed relationship with someone who cheated and/or left, and scrambled for another half-ass job that didn't work out, my mental state got more stressed and more panicked.
i hope you overcome the unsecurity and i hope you realise that you are ever so beautiful.
my parents do not have any hand in the same.
I feel like a grime is covering me.
And especially the no-destination-in-sight long walks.
insecurities die.
I can't help it.
i never talk about any of it assholes fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
this oceanic feeling has often sustained me at difficult moments and does so now while i am writing this.
then are just fucked assholes.
i have always brought you down.
it did not matter how many gifts i gave you or how beautiful i looked for you.
please inform police.
I love him dearly and he is all I was breathing for.
i have the dukes boots and hat and lord greys coat and some more heads.
my head hurts so much from crying but if i take anything for it i am scared i wo not stop and i would want to stop."
People who had it worse than me lived well.
All the animals who had been ill or old are restored to health and vigor; those who were hurt or maimed are made whole and strong again just as we remember them in our dreams of days gone by.
I sorry to put you through all this
My boyfriend left me because of one of my friend yesterday, on 26 day.
consider this my suicide note.
All my powers of finance, properties, bank of account all power of signing authorities will be Vinayak because I am having trust in Vinayak.
a writer of science, like carl sagan.
"i wanted to do too much.
I cannot live on with a title that does not belong to me.
no more i will pay the bills.
i will take him with me.
to who it may concern
I want to be cremated by some of my ashes set free in an open area - the country - a beautiful landscaped area and the majority buried.
lid give my all to a girl and she'd take it and run.
My name is NAME, and I was raped.
all you want in life is partying, your women and your selfish motives.
your henry.
the truth is, nothing on earth can help me.
She is the only one who knows about my depression.
My fault was also this only.
i cannot read.
To my Family:-
i do it exceptionally well.
I wanted to plan out my funeral so that too is taken care of but I don't have a bit silly.
There's no point in identifying who molested me, so I'm just going to leave it at that.
i am satisfied with my decision because i have never been the man you, lee, casey and & especially caylee marie deserved.
for several years i have been mistaken for another party the reason for which is a similarity of names and by being in the same profession.
No offense, but please do not try to understand me to every extent because as far as I can tell some things were still a mystery to you.
The Governor states that he has been finally convinced of my guilt by the affidavits of Eunice Pockwell and Eachel Cookson.
All they do is to harass PG students & blame us for their failures, raise our fees & cut our stipend every now and then, some uneducated person will come (even in midnight & even after being drink) and take signs of PG on some blank paper.
i nominate as my executor my most faithful party comrade, martin bormann.
i do not remember when iwas happy.
everything to live for.
I asked who was there.
It brings you down and sometimes being a little naive helps.
Nothing at all.
BUT HEAVEN IS MY HOME.
and the devil was a human being now killed and cast into hell and the angel with the keys of the bottomless pit is in hell casting out all the good souls which these evil people have cast into hell for no reason.
NAME nad NAME are liars, cheaters and crook.
to surrender is to know.
they begin to tell me that nobody wants me there,
Everything in life is defined by the other things around it.
The world deserves to read your thoughts.
i am proud of how i lived.
he alone knows my heartache and love for you.
like carpenters they want to know which tools.
Last year my little daughter died.
i left all my lyrics by 'let the good times roll' - plus the rest of the money.
i do ont remember if the partnership agreement provides for a case like this - but if it does not and i think it does not, i would much prefer - i have not time to make this a legal requirement - but, i would much prefer that you, as executrix under my will, do not elect to participate in profits for 2 or 3 years or whatever it may be that is specified there.
We planned our future together.
i told him i did not want to see him any more.
you know i love you.
be glad i am at least free from the miseries and loneliness i have endured for so long and that at last i'll have peace and rest?
I think I would have made a good dad.
to whom it may concern goodbye you old prick and when i mean prick you are a prick.
pressure from tham.
No judge has any right to denounce a prisoner because he differs with that prisoner in his religious belief.
remember that
I ask that you be happy for me for that.
i feel so sick not i kind of feel happy to because i know know it will be over soon.
i am sorry to leave you alone.
Obviously I'm responsible for every decision and action, including this one, but there are reasons why things happen the way they do.
i must find a new world, a world of peace and happiness.
i have had a wonderful life but it is over and my nerves get worse and i am afraid they will have to take me away.
She kept us out of OT & department & humiliated us publicaly for 2-3 months till we surrndered to take our case back.
& several other behind the scene sonsperators for my suicide.
Where is the dignity there?
my last and loving thoughts are of you.
Those who had a loving home miss someone very special who had to be left behind.
i am leaving you with your worries in this sweet cesspool - good luck.
May God in mercy bless and guard those I leeve behind and give them peace.
the short period of the streptomycin inhalations could not have brought on the results if the ulceration had even partially healed.
my partners have been generous with me while i worked with them.
i thought that i would not be able to describe why i want to do this and i am right.
I was with her after 3 years of weirthing, the lovely, smart, pretty girl.
Everyone just respects everyone.
Pains are pains.
I AM SORRY MUMMY, NAME, NAME
I have chosen Jo Nketaih's poem as my suicide note: "They said you came looking for me.
personally i care not.
Maybe something would have worked soon... And then there's NAME.
I Dr. NAME, am writing this note in full consciousness.
I know the legal and practical limits of doctor/patient confidentiality, growing up in a house where we'd hear stories about the various mental illnesses of famous people, stories that were passed down through generations.
all creation,
i begin to hear voices and i cannot concentrate.
This is written By NAME.
skin and was proud of most decisions I made.
huh... maybe not!
conversations with god 1, 2, 3
Usually I am strong and what others say does not affect me.
do not feel sorry for me.
Ive never been a quitter but there comes a time when enough is enough.
dying is an art like everything else.
Mom, I want you to know that I love you dearly and will ever love you.
however i cannot live without arthur despite certain inner resources.
i coulnd not do that do you.
Relationships always started out fine and I'd be able to ignore him for a few weeks.
than plaug wrist into bathtum of hot water.
cathy do not go in the bedroom.
Once we touched, the darkness would envelope her too and take her over and the evil inside me would surround her.
social acclaim d. will talk to meall the sweet without the bitten but then what then do you know that the two months have passed and that at any moment she may return august 16 today i see clearly that from 28 until now i have always lived under this shadow.
i give up.
i do not know!
you must not blame yourself.
Cal-Italian cuisine.
I had a beautiful gospel of right living in the marriage relation, which I wanted you to share with me.
No big funeral or anything aong that line.
I love you mommy
Are not the people the people who disregard the environment killing themselves and future generations?
i do not khow about that everything will be like i am kind of scared too.
Losing her was very hard for me as well.
my last wish should be honoured.
i am totally bankrupt and broken.
even though i live, i am not really alive.
This is to let you know that my road is fast approaching its end, and I shall take my own life and rest .
UNTIL WE SEE EACH OTHER AGAIN.
it was basic adolescent scare tactics.
I wanted to run away.
they are so opportunistic they [do not][71] neglect to profit from the knowledge accumulated by men through the ages.
She could never have me without the darkness and evil inside me.
here ruining people is considered sport.
assure you that, when the numbers do finally drop, it will merely be because those were pushed the farthest are all already dead.
ALSO YOU MYSH COMPREHEND THERE WAS NO WAY OUT I.E.
i am in debt to so many people.
Owing to this and to other legal precedents which hamper the defendant in obscene literature cases as is done in no other criminal cases anywhere; owing also the dense ignorance and prejudice which prevail in regard to the scientific open discussion of sexual matters; and, most of all, owing to Mr. NAME's persistent lies and to his adroitness in depicting the shocking possibilities of corrupting the morals of innocent youth by permitting young people to peruse any enlightening literature upon the details of normal, healthy, pure marital relations--matters have now reached the point where it is only necessary to accuse a person of mailing so-called "obscene" literature in order to convict him.
Saying I love you.
i stayed on twitter until 3 AM at least three times a week.
I feel guilty beyond words about these things.
maya, you were tired of life with me and with our poor situation because i never fulfilled your dreams and wishes.
woman good to be alive today.
You don't deserve it.
if we cannot live in peace then lets die in peace.
I have no interest in talking about being raped as a child, both because I know it wouldn't help and because I have no confidence it would remain secret.
i dined after having raised money on all our silver to keep us from want in case of accidents and rochfort the respectable old man in brewer street having expressed great sympathy for my misfortunes as i saw white locks under his cap i said rochfort take off your cap.
Some of that activity seemed to attract the attention of some visitors today...who have made it rather evident that this is the end of the line for me.
and you will i know.
May it bring
you are a waste of space, ignorant and a rotten.......... i wish i were never born.
so I can't handle the pressure I'm commenting suciede.
First of all, Osama bin Laden is absolutely justified in the terror he has caused on 9-11.
i am waiting.
no one ever ever had a more devoted or more understanding wife.
i worshipped ron and when he went i lost my whole world and everything.
I am amazed how many people think they know me, even people who I have never talked with.
Love you
yesterday in the locker room some assholes said steven is such a pussy and faggot.
no other woman will give you as much as i did or love you as much as i did.
any sane doctor knows that the reasons for suicide are invariably psychopathological and the true suicide type manufactures his own difficulties.
Heart pounding fast, hands shaking got sick to my stomach before I left work.
I Realy needed you In a Huge WaY.
The dogs are out to eat the injured.
subject internet suicide note whats sad is that it did not have to end like this.
Why does it seem to just keep getting worse - the feelings - that is?
i hope the man who has been the cause of it will think of this sad catastrophe.
I Am sorry for The hurt.
dear children:
In addition, in my own case, there is the matter of persecution for my religious views.
But just not to lose this opportunity, I took loan from bank.
i left feeling like not much had been accomplished, except letting me know that i did not want to attempt it again.
I've hurt so many great people because of who I am and my inability to experience what needs to be experienced.
you were the Best thing that happened too me.
as to why i am there.
You can do it.
Upon this fact was based my motion for a retrial, which Recorder Smyth denied, and later my plan for Executive interference.
let us, for a moment be sensible.
In spite of knowing this I decided to help him to b as a wife with him .
Two people responsible for my death is NAME and NAME.
One reason I put this off for so long is because I know how much pain it will cause her.
I want my friends to remember all the good times we had together.
do not you ever think it was your fault.
it is fate.
All leaves which we take are paid and on the top of that if my HOD puts fine, a single day leave costs me Rs 4500 - 6000 /- which is unbearable after being in such a big loan.
i will probably be considered insane as anyone taking his life is supposed to be slightly insane.
You were my best companion ever os should I say the only companion (using the word in it's true sense)
i am eager and keen to have a good time.
i have thought of this so many times.
in doing so i am very much afraid that i have brought a great deal of unhappiness to those who have loved me.
although the reaction from my friends was positive, my parents were pissed.
I do love my family.
I couldn't have asked for better parents, and I know this isn't fair.
i hope i made a place in all your hearts and touched each and every one of you in a special way.
if we go to a university in japan it must be tokyo or kyoto.
i want to hold her hand again, i miss her, i will always love us, i am sorry cynthia marie, i called my mom today, sonnie, kathy, ruthie (i lost her #), i am so tired, at least i shaved today, wow - i am tripping out, i am sorry,
A couspiracy of various nature to remove my father & me from the scene was hatched by him in connivance with NAME & NAME who further brought certain members of chief NAME like NAME, NAME, NAME Aubhi into the picture to add to the strength of group.
our love is constructed.
Goodbye.
there is no way out.
But She is loyal.
Eventually I did get out.
This should be do-able.
The fact that the darkness affected sexual matters most intensely made this idea make some sense and I convinced myself of this for a number of years, starting in college after my first relationship ended.
since then my condition was getting progressively worse, i could neither work or think logically.
may 30 all these lamentations are far from stoical.
wanting to die since you ask most days i cannot remember.
i woke up in the morning feeling really rotten - weepy, groggy.
At this point I simply don't care who knows.
Protected and unpunished Bad cops forces milanated people to label the good cops as potential threats (AKA BQO cops) for the safety and well of our women, family, & children.
I would like to thank everyone for the love and care you have all shown me.
we are each other -- i/you -- you/me -- there is no need to fear but what you do unto another will come back around!
they put me in a foster home.
Momma I appreciate everything you did for me.
Laredo had a good day at school and loves his glasses.
I THINK IT IS IMPORTANT THAT I LEAVE YOU WITH MY TRUE FEELINGS ABOUT YOU.
i begin to hear voices, and i cannot concentrate.
so frail and so fleeting,
if it is possible to love in the hereafter i will love you even after death.
Instead of being an escape, relationships and romantic contact with other people only intensified everything about him that I couldn't stand.
I wanted to be treated as your 'Queen' - and it wasn't happening, I would be your Queen - if I felt I had a King!
I believe that Mr. NAME takes pleasure in lugging in on all occasions a word picture (especially to a large audience) of the shocking possibilities of the corruption of the morals of innocent youth.
He said, "Gentlemen of the NAME, the question for you to pass upon is, Did the defendant mail the book?
The worst crime I can think of would be to Rip people off by faking it and pretending as if i'm having 100% fun.
"excuse the blood, but i have slit my wrists and neck.
That and Some country sounds that talk about love or missing you.
The world I am now in is one of diseased nerves, lucid as ice.
i am leaving you with your worries in this sweet cesspool.
let's have no sadness -- furrowed brow.
he never asked them back.
Tyra was hard.
And now, in my own case the other day, the legal precedent has been established by the action of NAME, in the United States Circuit Court, of not only excluding witnesses in behalf of the indicted book, but even forbidding either the defendant or her counsel to attempt to explain the reasons for printing the indicted paragraphs or in any way seeking to justify, in an argument, the publication of the book and then finally, by a legal subterfuge, abolishing the defendant's right of trail by jury; the latter being a proceeding which has always been recognized by true patriots as a serious menace to the liberties of the people.
i have no guilty conscience whatsoever.
look after jano and eddie for me - they are my boys (you are rich).
However I feel like i have been a prisoner of depression for so long that some will be set free.
I had put an explicit time limit on our relationship, since I knew it couldn't last because of the darkness and didn't want to hold her back, and this caused a variety of problems.
the only friends i thought i had only liked me because they saw me five times a week.
You are the toughest little kid I know.
I've spent my life hurting people.
no one will call me a fag or a queer or a pussy or a fag boy or anything.
Where is the wisdom and honor of the people we delegate our trust to?
no more i will have to eat the leftover articles that was cooked the day before.
I am wanting this thing without any pressure or anybody's because I am not the (sic).
pray i will find happiness.
after me being honest , after trying to fix things, thank you for turning a conversation about depression and suicide into something and about you.
But now I've lost everything.
a mother left these words to her surviving children.
hence, i request that after my death, my mother, father and brother should not face any trouble because they will be, otherwise, in the state of shock.
and [name removed] said that he was going to stick a broom stick up my ass because he said that that is what i like.
it really is not worth living.
I think that if someone who knows me reads this they will know who I am.
peace and love o. j. please please please leave my children in peace.
By the way, the other week when I was at the Home office; the day when it was windy, I was taken to hospital because I gave them the letter in the envelope, dated DATE.
I hereby direct that my just debts and funeral expenses be paid.
started harassing me so I have no option other than susides.
i keep trying and i keep failing.
More than a few spent a large part of the session reading their notes to remember who I was.
uncle b. got everything to live for.
this is no way to live.
I was fully aware of the causes / consequences of this step.
i can not do through this any more.
I still continue to get students I've never met contacting me Facebook calling me a slut.
PLEASE USE THE MONIES FOR FINAL ARRANGEMENT & VARIOUS ACCOUNT SETTLEMENT.
i loved science, stars, nature, but then i loved people without knowing that people have long since divorced from nature.
I disseminated it more widely than I might have otherwise because I'm worried that my family might try to restrict access to it.
This wasn't apparent to other people, because I could never talk about the real reasons for my sadness.
no treasure of my life and there are many is greater than the growth emerging from the approach to my death.
I can say.
i wish to be buried in uniondale cemetery no 4 facing marshall ave. so that i may be able to see the fairweather friends and thank them for their sarcastic and hateful remarks.
The holder of this piger is me, The victim is my girlfriend of over (REMOVED) years, Whom I grew up with Her name is NAME.
I'm sorry.
You told me that I have been cleared of the harassment allegations but i am still under extreme stress as the news of the case is known by the Whole college and until the administration gives me in writing that the allegations were baseless, I will always be considered a person with bad moral character.
PG whose sign is not found will be fined by Medical superintendent next day without ever asking the reason.
There is no peace in Kevin's head.
i haven't felt the excitement of listening to as well as creating music along with and writing for too many years now.
there was a time i saw my life with you, a future with you.
You are the first person to have convicted me of such a terrible action.
Please make sure that NAME gets
Make sure you don't work yourself to death before he is grown.
in between, i continued my studies in a haphazard way for they never really interested me, knowing in advance my fate.
please do not publish this letterfor several years after my death.
sometimes this genius goes dark and sinks down into the bitter well of his heart.
i had so much potential ten years ago.
can faggots be happy.
There was a choice.
i can say however that i believe time is at hand when consciousness of personal responsibility for the length of ones life spanas well for its content will establish rational suicide as a basic human right to be given society's assistance and protection.
give up the strong expressions which you resorted to in your letter to me: let me revoke them; truly, to save me, you have done all within the strength, not only of a sister, but of a man - all that could be done.
In recognition of this last plea a Commissionor was appointed to investigate tho credibility of the witnesses who had volunteered testimony as to my wife's habit.
"to my friends: my work is done.
why wait?
g. e."
To my Lourie and Aunty your dad did not do cheap things.
it is as if he saw the angel of death at his door."
love and peace.
"i am now about to make the great adventure.
i cannot endure this agonizing pain any longer.
it is all over my body.
neither can i face the impending blindness.
i pray the lord my soul to take.
amen."
wrong or right -- who knows -- i just follow my natural instincts and how it guides me.
and i hurt like shit.
mommie, my darling,
i love you paul you understand that last night was only a comedy.
so the feminists are not fighting to remove that barrier.
i hope i helped yours.
from a note found in the purse of ruth r.
Thus creating a perpetual systematic fertile ground for bad cop's To flourish, Excell, & go un punished in.
i never liked the man.
this is my independence day from life.
o god bless us all through the evils of this day.
NAME an employee of my father but ggreedy to the core also was roped in to complete the task.
I have runned your life.
holy war is our path.
afterall you have a fag for a son.
note (addressed to lee strasberg, monroe's acting mentor):
i will not write anymore.
in them i have not the slightest interest except that i want them to cause as little bother as possible.
I have lost my independence which I valued right below my dog.
Even the difficult lessons have been like blessed gifts.
i hope you understand.
i am also pained that ganesh has taunted me today for the dowry.
they need hard knocks to get info from.
The fact iS, for as long as I can remember my motivation for getting up every day has been so that you would not have ta bury me.
for about two years this kind of thought haunted my mind.
just five specks of smallness,
no grief, pain, misfortune, or "broken heart," is excuse for cutting off one's life while any power of service remains.
Amazingly, she liked me.
I expected you or dad to notice but none of you did.
I wonder who I'd be if things had been different or if I were a stronger person.
I am drug free and have been alcohal free for almost 6 yrs now.
When you write the right letter it's actually quite hard, I don't know where to start.
though i am about to kick the bucket i am as happy as ever.
I ask the State to let them free of any such accusations.
Last spring I met someone who was unlike anyone else I'd ever met.
absolutely no reason except i have a toothache.
it seeks to keep me alive and procreating.
i was immediately taken in a wheelchair to the psychiatrist's office.
i spent money on you selflessly you would throw in my face.
I have a job but I'm always broke and I am in college but barely, I show up to class but that's about it.
what is heavenreally like mom and dad.
it would not surprise me to wake up this minute to find out i was home in my bed and had just had a terrible nightmare.
many thanks to all my friends.
In the courts, however, in obscene literature cases, a precedent has been established by which the defendant is forbidden to produce witnesses in behalf of the accused book, so that I was legally prohibited from summoning physicians to testify on behalf of the book.
to all i love do not grieve for memy nerves are all shot and for the last year i have been in agony day and night except when i sleep with sleeping pills.
There is no way to tell you or anyone else why I dread every new day.
I hate myself and I hate living.
i just was not meant for this world!
Most people around me will say that I would never kill myself and that I had no reason, They don't know what's going on inside me.
Love you.
my pictures, in the collections which i have bought in the course of years, have never been collected for private purposes, but only for the extension of a gallery in my home town of linz on donau.
i felt drugged and slow for a couple of years.
after all one has to choose a moment and the air is always full of reasons at any given moment.
to all my friends and loved ones, i ask of you one last favor: do not let my spirit die.
My family life is disturbed by the allegation and my wife has left me today accusing me of being immoral.
i started tumblr in 2012, roleplaying for rise of the guardians as sophie bennett.
THANKS for everything, i cant DO life in prison.
god must have wanted me to be with him now because he is tlling me to kill myself.
remember that
i will beat you in the end.
First of all I want to apologise my mother and my two brothers that I'm quitting like this.
I'M GON GIVE YOU 5 REASONS WHY I'M DONE.
Take care and look after Luke for me.
tenno heika banzai tenno heika banzai tenno heika banzai long live the emperor
so i think that's the best idea through you.
our feelings are second handed.
I wanted to plan out my funeral so that too is taken care of but I don't have time so I will just throw out ideas.
anne, i love you.
i have taken what meds was given to me with alcohol & i am ready to give up.
i have always been such a good girl.
i know that life is horrible now.
then i will enter tokyo or kyoto university or even sorbonne or harvard.
If you ever need to talk to me look to the Lord because I am there w/ him.
NAME also tried to obtain loan against our house att 506, Green Avenue, Amritsar but it came to light & papa istructed leanb not to release any loan.
I cant say enough about her.
I love you - JR
i cannot take that.
perhaps my esteemed colleagues will find in my brain a trace of the qualities they found missing from the expressions of my intellectual activities while i was living.
bleeding away in a bath, i will enjoy the slow fade, and the long awaited moment.
about the evil seers killing people for their money (yes)
i did it as a sign of protest against violence to see love again.
suicides are timid murderers.
i always wished the best for you, was ready to invest what little money i had in your betterment.
my full name is ernest p. and my offices are at 519 market street a lawyer by profession aged fifty seven height five feet seven inches.
my family is of the highest moral character and i feel that a stigma would attach unless i let the public at large know through this deed that i am a victim of circumstance by reason of mistaken identity.
& OFFICER NAME.
I live alone in the second greatest American city (San Francisco, you'll always have my heart).
If you choose to ignore it, nothing will happen - you are just 'less conscious'.
Not a lot of ambiguity there.
goodbye to all of you on the count of three.
God is the force of life - the spark of creation.
i did not have to go home after that.
i guess i was lucky because the doctors told everybody i was not going to make it.
i will be at peace.
Right.
The funeral.
After.
Rags [his pet dog] should go to NAME & River.
if you are reading this i might have already left or about to leave.
dear world i am leaving because i am bored.
Over the last two years or so I have thought only of death, and with special interest read a remarkable account of the process of death.
You never turned on me for no reason, you always helped me.
IN MY YEAR THERE AWAYS HAS BEEN LOVE.
what a beautiful place this was.
it seemed easy when i thought of it.
hes innocent.
"here goes!" is my attitude.
i need to write a poem
Everything was perfect.
It's because I've started hating myself to the extent that I want to kill myself.
NAME & her husband should not be spared because they are a black spot on the institution of marriage, totally unscrupulous, opportunistic, who can go to any extent for money & progress in life.
i do not want people to look at me like i am nuts.
There are numerous whats ap chatss in which she professes underlying love & affection for my father.
stan polley is a soulless bastard.
I doubt the word of a dead guy with no evidence about something that happened over twenty years ago would have much sway.
there is no hope left.
no more bombs.
That reason is fast disappearing.
I desire in this utterance to express my grent thanks to those members of my jury who have bravely declared that had they known of the newly-found evidence at the time of my trial they would have acquitted me.
Far too often I angered, insulted, offended and otherwise upset people, without expecting or intending to.
only you and i know how much you have lived thru.
I did try to minimize pain, although I know that this decision will hurt many of you.
god have mercy on both our souls.
please comfort my wife and tell her that this was no ordinary suicide and that she can rest assured that god will still gather me up in his great mercy god protect my dearest ones god bless you dear pastor evermore.
But when the success came, it never left the top of the ladder.
DAD I WILL BE WAITING FOR EACH OF YOU ON THE OTHER SIDE.
everybody keep calm and try and keep your children calm.
But it always eluded me.
i must have been born to suffer.
In the end, it's all my fault.
downers still make me feel speedy.
love always, wendy.
And I was alone all the while, despite the fact that we laughed together and had gist as a family.
But it didn't matter because I couldn't be alone with her.
I was brought up that way, being compared with the peers all the time.
joanne, rob, deedee - i love you!
and i would take whatever it took to make it work.
You know that she admits having mailed the book.
So I've realized I will never escape the darkness or misery associated with it and I have a responsibility to stop myself from physically harming others.
i never told you but i received a message about you.
if you quit telling them theyre dying if you would also stop some of this nonsense adults adults i call on you to stop this nonsense.
i do not want to belabor knocking the press, but i cannot believe what is being said.
Just that much is good.
Trenton should of had my full attention at all times.
please get justice.
i have to give some 40 thousand to ramji.
i am too much of an erratic moody baby i do not have the passion anymore and so remember it is better to burn out than to fade away.
she killed me.
You chased my mother away.
i was embarrassed that people had to see me like that.
Because the setion of the court was not justified by tho facts in the case, and hence public Outory must be silenced by a seeming justification of the court outside of the facts.
I'm Sorry God, I wish I knew a better answer than the religion I am now.
Feel free to republish this letter, but only if it is reproduced in its entirety.
he cold beat the shit out of me.
I'm so depressed.
at times i have felt like a battered husband or boyfriend but i loved her, make that clear to everyone.
God please forgive me and forgive NAME my boyfriend.
I don't know how you put up with me all those years.
Dear mom,
you live in the country and life is cheap.
here i am with nowhere to spend new years in anyones company.
I tried my best to pull through, but my best was not good enough.
please proofread and post corrections.
every now and then i'd take speed to feel normal.
then i feel like i am not existing in the human race at all.
I realize this sounds like the trival heartbreak whine of a 16 year old, but I cant help it.
All I've ever wanted was someone to be madly in love with, to go through life with in that great, dedicated relationship.
i love every one but i cannot be one of you any more.
i create good i create i the lord do these things.
Tell NAME that mommy loves her everyday.
i do not want to be such a fucking problem for my family either.
that's the only thing i pray for.
We finally made it.
You stupid NAME, I didn't ever ask to be harm.
in spite of all that i have tried a handful of our people with their lies have made our life impossible.
i tried to keep the yard up that seemed to be the only comfort i had.
i write oh thou have mercy.
I had intrest in astrophysics and quantum physics and would have done a BSc but a B tech is not something I wanted to do.
i am too sensitive.
for 23 years we lived happy together.
i hate myself and i hate living.
i was therefore not in a position to repay the bank and my debtors.
If it takes my head to end this, so be it.
The world is going to shit who wants to live anyways?
i love my mom, dad and my bai.
The loss of Project Sport seemed to take my whole social circle with it -- suddenly no one I knew through that life was talking to me anymore -- but I made new circles.
He ended up fighting NAME and got a fractured pinkie.
Long form!
I hold myself responsible for my physical death,
i am so sick of being called ugly, fat, stupid ... worthless etc.
What is one more life thrown away in this sad and useless national tragedy?
What iS known iS that each of these Should have been cause enough for immediate medical attention, which was not rendered.
i self harmed.
I love your personality and we share almost all your interests and choices.
read our messages
make changes.
suddenly they call me over,
i cannot be strong anymore.
i could not open my eyes or move, but i heard everything.
I'm right back where I started.
to those who will say, 'i wish i had gotten to know them better", and to those who might romanticize me and erase my flaws because im dead; ew no dont.
it has been a long day.
I'm so sorry? love, NAME.
do not let them see you,
eventually they realized they did not actually give a shit about me, and i felt even lonelier than i did before.
Jeff & I were suppose to go see "Lord of the Rings - 3", but I can't go now.
friends were there 24 hours a day.
you cannot hurt me further and anyone else.
i never wanted to be an irresponsible father but situation were such that i could not become a good father.
I ENWLY YOUR HAPPY-GO-LUCKY ATTITUDE & THE BOUNDING OF FRIENDSHIP WHICH CONSISTENTLY HAVE SURROUNDED YOU THROUGHOUT YOUR LIFE.
I hope that peace comes from you even if I don't understand the method to the outcome.
But Mr. Lefkow discovered me in the utility room about 9 a.m., he had an office next to the utility room.
The last thought that has occurred to me iS one of some kind Of final miSSion.
ask a guy who is gonna od (again) tonight anything
the motor got so hot it would not run so i just had to sit here and wait.
it's never about the other kid.
NAME before also did hurt me and my family but he again misused our innocence and trust.
it must be because we have thought of you in a thousand happy moments because we have imagined a thousand times how you with your generous nature would have laughed exulted if you had seen us together in the green room.
Oh no that shit forget it.
for the past six or seven years i have been enduring the slings and arrows of outrageous misfortune until i feel like a wornout pin cushion.
I ied to receive this gun.
I know Debby wants me to move back to CA, but I just don't think I can do it.
i am deeply sorry for you.
you know, casey does not deserve to be where she is!
I am not able to dispute, I usually would not dispute because it creates unwanted tension.
I love him and only wanted him safe in my arms.
Additionally I CAN't SUFFICIENTLY IMPRESS TO YOU NOW!
i am happy now.
I don't find life interesting anymore.
the constitution means nothing to you.
There should be about 2 million worth Chos schnab has IRA my pensand stuff.
Third, my oldest friend in the City...my best friend...pulled my world out from under me.
i tried to do my stuff but after marshalls summing up i have given up all hope.
Just waiting for everything to end.
i am never going to transition successfully, even when i move out.
i hope that you will forgive me, please forgive me.
i would actually prefer to render science at least this small service in this way.
They have ruined my life and now they are trying to sabotage my family members.
I don't have much more to say except it.
Israeli society isn't willing to deal with post-trauma, with sexual abuse, incest, or gang rape.
And also I am not doing this because I am sad now...
do not notify my mother.
i love you all.
i feel a growing gap between my soul and my body.
she did her best.
It is evident that the political pull of the party which fathers NAME is too powerful for any newspaper in ADDRESS to dare to raise a protest when, at the instigation of this ex officio informer, an innocent woman, engaged in a laudable work of sex reform, indorsed by reputable citizens, is arrested on false information and denied her right of trial by jury.
I was not strong enough as you people thought of me.
it is my fault i screwed up my own life.
the loss of casey.
He stated to NAME of the United States Circuit Court (secretly, not while in court), that I had even handed one of these books to the little daughter of the janitress of the building in which I have my office.
I've moved schools.
The world is a place to do SEWA.
I know I'm so small in front of NAME but still I cannot see my parents call burdened with loans & debts.
Lord give me strength to get through this day productively.
i am leaving this place forever without thoughts without hope without work alone in the dark of night.
however i am doubtful about when i can dare to take my own life.
smile always because life never stops.
Fortunate fortunate you!
You're amazing and you deserve the best.
I would like my life to be celebrated.
Despite the nerves, I am reday.
my mother, father and brother should not suffer any harm.
i grieve that i could not have had the joy of being close to our babies, but that is no one's fault.
day a screaming agony in every nerve ending in my body.
It's with a heavy heart that I write you this note, knowing the amount of pain it is going to cause you.
i know how much it hurts.
We as a nation face the abyss of our own design.
Each time that I have been arrested, I have escaped by a compromise; but I resolved, when I came to PLACE, that if again attacked by Comstockism, I would stand my ground and fight to the death.
I understand that I am at fault, and what I have done in unforgiveable.
I am not worthy of you, you are the perfect wife you deserve so much better.
NAME once stated in a political speech that the Quay party were relentless in hounding those who refused to pay political assessments.
But I do want family to be extremely Involved, I want the kids to grow up together SAME SCHOOL and lots of time together.
getting back to why i cannot live anymore: i cannot function knowing our granddaughter is gone.
I cried a lot and wasn't stable enough for the kids.
lets see if this will do it.
we have found out who the people with the mark of the beast are.
we cannot have this.
All the warnings from the punk Bock IOI courses over the years.
stillborn they do not always die but dazzled they cannot forget a dung so sweet that even children would look on and smile.
I did try to be a good person, but I realize I never got very far.
so a minute later i found some seconals in a medicine cabinet.
I really have been trying to hang on, far more than a decade Each day has been a testament to the extent to which I cared, suffering unspeakable horror as quietly as possible so that you could feel
what the outcome, people will look and point.
First, there are the logistics of financing and equipping my operation, then there iS the near certainty Of a griSly death, international incidents, and being branded a terrorist in the media that would follow.
Thank you Lord for being here for me.
I hope this letter explains why I needed to do this.
Look@mess I created lol, don't believe everything in the news.
There is all being thrown away for no reason.
i do not think two people could have been happier than we have been.
people may dub me as a coward.
farewell for ever.
many people attend uninteresting classes for four years and wait for employment.
we for our part wish to know nothing of the joys of this world we know and dream only of heavenly meadows and suns in the light of which we shall stroll about with long wings on our shoulders.
It so happens that there is no janitress in this building, nor is there any little girl connected with same.
papa your unfortunate daughter laxmi
sorry i was not perfect.
you did not respect me.
We have fined for thousand of rupees for no valid reason. They never give our stipend monthly.
that is all i get around here.
my dearest i have taken my life in order to provide capital for you.
I'm not doing this for revenge to those students that raped me, set up the rape, bullied me about the rape, teased me about the rape or anything like that.
every morning, day, night i look in the mirror and cry, and replay the harmful words in my head.
As time went out - I just quit offering my opinions (or even thought I had one).
Judge Lefkow was No.
I already told you the story.
the irs and its liens which have been taken against our property illegally by a runaway agency of our government have dried up all sources of credit for us.
either i live the rest of my life as a lonely man who wishes he were a woman or i live my life as a lonelier woman who hates herself.
if you are reading this, parents, please do not tell this to your kids.
this is to state that i ron r. berst mothers maiden name is swinburne did take my own life due to the fact that i have the disease aids and it has progressed both rapidly and to the point where 1 how ill i constantly feel and have almost no energy and 2 i very soon expect to become a burden to my friends and family and i do not want to put any of them through such an ordeal.
He is doing now such thing.
Finally, whatever it is, I am sure my death is not going to make a big difference to this world
i wanted to visit you but i am going around in a dream.
I'm also not doing this for attention seeking like I mentioned earlier, I want to make that clear.
we are better than holding our owne but in heaven god is almost over come and i kill myself so i may go and help him, because i have a funny little quirk in my brain which helps.
saying good bye, please understand it is for the best.
Especially you MOM.
wonderful man.
?Hello everyone I want to remind something to our society.
sometimes i was happy with my body, sometimes i hated it with every fiber of my being.
i'd have been lucky to make it to the front door.
january 14 1950 i am filled with distaste for what i have done for all my works.
bury me in my leather jacket, jeans and motorcycle boots goodbye."
Therefore I decided to quit.
then i found myself the whipping boy as reported in newspapers and on television.
I'm very suicidal.
Someone hits me and I can still get blamed for it?
i called my boyfriend jonathan in california and my social worker.
my boss, kenneth j., seduced me and made me pregnant.
i want you to know that i feel good now.
11m sure this will completely blindside you all.
after 10 years of confusion i finally understood who i was.
While it iS a nice thought to consider doing same good with my Skills, experience, and killer instinct, the truth iS that it iSn't realistic.
This may or not be so in my own case; I do not know.
i did not plead no contest for any other reason but to protect our privacy and was advised it would end the press hype.
I want it at Unitarian church with a lesbian minister.
I learned this a few years ago when I thought I was gay and told people.
I had no other help, although, I am acting on their behalf.
My HOD Dr NAME tortures me personally because she thinks I actively participated in court case.
but you were never my partner.
if i had stayed another minute i would have painted the walls and stained the carpets with my blood, so you could clean it up.
can i deny myself that certainly i know more about her than she does about me.
Everyone just lives.
so i do nothing and he laughs at me, and i go homeand higde and cry .
I did not do what these people say.
j r love you thank you for making my life so happy.
stay to deal with so-so much, as i do you also!
why should i go on.
of course ido not want to die but it is suffering to live.
i am running away from everything.
you like guys little fag boy.
i came home and sat as i describe.
i envy others.
Usually I plan things out and am better with my writing.
I made up my mind last Wednesday when I came home from the hospital that I was not going to the hospital again.
I hope everyone would change and respect everyone.
i need a favor -- if you have any contacts for any artists like gates, meek mill, ross, jay, game ... etc.
If and when I die, I request you as a friend to take care that my salary goes to my mother and she is given a good character certificate in my name from the college Principal.
I've just snapped I can't take this meaningless existence anymore I've been a constant disappointment and that trend would have only continued.
YOU NEED TO BE STRONG FOR MOM.
i especially want to emphasize the rudeness this teacher showed to us students.
sharp the spanish blade to gash my throat after i'd climbed across the high railing of the bridge to tilt out with the knife in my right hand to slash me knocked or fainting till i'd fall unable to keep my skull down but fearless unless my wife would not let me out of the house unless the cops noticed me crossing the campus up to the bridge clappt me in for observation costing my job well i missed that but here is the terror of tomorrow's lectures bad in themselves the students dropping out of the course the administration hearing offering me either a medical leave of absence or res nationkitticat they cannot fire me
im sure this was connected.
i appointed tomorrow night to see him and lay before him every iota of my position.
I will never be able to have a relationship in which he is not the focus, affecting every aspect of my romantic interactions.
What give done has nothing to do with you two as parents.
I love you so freaking much.
i used to think of my failure as some mystical way of telling me that i was really meant for something meaningful.
i'd aim for my exit date to predate discomfort of intensity which might diminish my chance of creating on my own terms the final stroke of my lifes canvas.
I've gotten nowhere in a year of looking.
They suck and should be shut down as soon as possible.
i worship you that is myfault.
Teachers, are you listening to these words?
i am giving my life not in war but to help end it.
goods, pictures and all my property of whatever nature or kind (except as aforesaid) shall be equally divided share and
i felt so alone even while with you.
i am unable to take the responsibility and look after my family.
i cannot tell you how sorry i am for ending my life the way i did.
I battled alone for about thirteen months now until my strength failed me.
They have nothing to do with my decision.
never fear me, but love me with all of you!
at last, this is the only letter i am getting to write.
Thanks
i cannot stand it anymore.
i have no complaints on anyone.
sorry for everything, I wish I coulD go BAck in time @ correct my mistakes, but I cannt.
6th grade comes and NAME, my ?friend,? he failed and I failed too.
No one I dated was the right match, and I thought that maybe if I found the right person it would overwhelm him.
he is an ugly stupid faggot and we should kill him.
They have made my life abnormal.
under conditions like these nature herself looks more beautiful to me than ever.
I wish I knew the truth.
sorry i was fat.
perhaps to hear of my death may give you pain but you will soon have the blessing of forgetting that such a creature ever existed.
My feeling now is that there is no place for me in the world.
lee will be there for you.
I am so painfully sorry for this happening to you.
i realized how much i had hurt my friends and family, which i did not think about before.
be quiet will you.
NAME loved NAME for NAME not the cars the money nothing.
while it's not for everyone, i really want to encourage those who want to, but are letting fear hold them back.
dear mom, i love you with all my heart.
People deal with cancer, or they go to war.
Anyone of you.
I know that my mom, at least, loved me very much and tried her best.
I need to stop this.
i will be killing myself soon.
An evil that makes me want to end life.
i wish i could have made a happier life for you.
nicole and i had a good life together.
In counselling I was shown fee structure as follows- TUITION FEE = 8,55,000/- Rs & HOSTEL FEE - 2,00,000/- only.
Also you must comprehend there was no way out I.E.
I may not have shown it as much as I should have, but I am greatful.
do not let my wife kid you by saying she has not got any money.
I solely take the responsibility of the death of my wife, daughter, son and myself.
I should have believed Brendan when he told me early on about your verbal abuse and control freak trips, your lies and empty promises.
and do not be sad because you will be with me again.
after many hours of thought and meditation i have made a decision that should not be an example to anyone because it is unique to my situation.
sensation is all that matters.
it seems nothing could well be done to establish the fact that i am not involved in that statutory charge.
you may laugh at the contradiction between the love of nature and the wish for suicide.
Funny.
The fact iS that any kind Of ordinary life iS an insult to those died at my hand.
I asked (myself) who could be responsible for me.
No proof of such injury wrought has been produced in my case; the testimony for the government against me rests entirely upon the mere say-so of this paid informer.
I Miss You So Much.
Make sure she cashes in wisely & can live well.
i was seeing a psychiatrist and i was just getting off the medication.
In truth, I was still being pushed out, only slower.
And so he announced that he himself intended to pass upon the character of the book.
everything has gone from me but the certainty of your goodness.
listen.
but to those of you with depth and concern the real story will be what i hope and pray results from this morning in the coming months and years the development of a true justice system here in the united states.
my spirit soars above my coffin.
you must understand me.
People who can feel the love from others and give it back unadulterated, people who can experience sex as an intimate and joyous experience, people who can experience the colors and happenings of this world without constant misery.
i know that you are stupid assholes and that is more than you know
people like me won't have to go to prison with a switch label where i could personally die regularly i would rather die myself, than trust a judge with my life for 3-6 hours.
How can possibly go around like everyone else while the widows and orphans I created continue to Struggle?
This is probably the longest suicide note ever.
The list of good cops include but are not limired TO : Officer NAME NAME & the approximate 10 other officers who are coming forward AgainsT illegal practices of the NYPD targeting my people unethically.
cesare pavesea man who ejaculates prematurely should never have been born.
Suicide may be a permanent solution to a temporary problem, but it's also a permanent solution to a ~23 year-old problem that grows more intense and overwhelming every day.
you will have to live with this until you die.
I could have handled this better.
it was preordained we should part
i present my remains with my compliments to any medical school that fancies them or soap can be made of them.
You guys are welcome to donate my body to science just like grandpa.
Not to mention - a partner to "woman bash" with.
Once deciding on suicide (I do not regard it as a sin, as Westerners do), I worked out the least painful means of carrying it out.
the rest of my life would only be a burden for others.
i have lost every thing so why go on.
ahmad, i never stopped being proud of you.
i am leaving this world without doing any wrong.
Thank you very much.
Thanks to the strictness of PLACE gun laws this will probably be much more painful than it needs to be, but what can you do.
goodbye my darling i hope you will be able to come see me soon.
You are a great and friend, and my heart breaks knowing that what I am about to do will hurt you and your family.
i have nothing left in this world to live for after this.
that is why i got that gun.
Its a release from stress and frustration and I'll be happier in the end.
I have prepared this statement in regards to the acts I am about to commit.
I'm prepared for the pain and I am ready to no longer exist.
but then it begins,
Just say'you've done well'
Im sorry you will sad at first, but better forget out from this.
inside i had no doubt that in the future, we would be close as friends or more.
I'm sorry this is short.
all of a sudden all will and determination to fight on has left me.
When an animal dies that pet goes to rainbow bridge.
my mother or father to think that it was anything they did that lead me to kill myself.
I was promised NAME and instead I got NAME, Because love you I would have stuck out NAME year and done everything he wanted to be with NAME for 5 of those but you threw me away when you absorbed anything worthwhile that was left of me.
i hope i helped yours.
They Offer no help, and actively block the pursuit Of gaming outside help via their corrupt agents at the ORGANIZATION.
Wouldn't it be better to stand for something or make a statement, rather than a fiery collision with some drunk driver?
i just do not care anymore i need to go, i am so scared now.
That the major for havy faid in me too.
All this positivity, the constant smiling, telling people that I am ok, even though I'm not.
I AM AT PEACE, WITH COMPLETE CERTAINTY, I BELIEVE DAD IS STANDING WATCH ? PREPARED TO GUIDE ME INTO THE LIGHT.
Lack of affection (verbal or not) I wanted.
live been fighting and fighting to get out of it.
thank you for making my life so happy.
please make sure that the sacrifice of my life is not in vain.
if anybody could have saved me it would have been you.
Where there was no doubt of guilt Gov.
and i cannot wait till the day i get to see you again.
you are my children and i love you more than myself.
it is so lonely here.
Maybe you grow able to tap into the universal force, and increase the creativity in the universe.
i have prayed long to my god and feel that i am doing the right thing.
I always longed for someone permanant in my life, who'd undeniably say lll've got your back, I won't let you fail, no matter what."
my heart has always been in the night place, honest to God.
It will not be given to the public until such time as the public shows itself ready for it, and prepared to protect this fuller and franker book from prosecution.
so please forgive me, all those i love and may god forgive me too, but i cannot bear the agony and it [is] best for everyone this way.
She has been sad since she found out I wasn't ""saved"", since she believes I'm going to Hell, which is not a sadness for which I am responsible.
But he tortured me a lot mentally.
this is not to shove animosity against any individual priest who is human like everybody else and often a good and noble person indeed.
is not life and death all a part of nature?
I have been feeling this for the past two months.
I never realised that I would miss my home so much.
And just because we filed the case, management used to HARASS us, specially my HOD Dr. NAME.
give my poems in progress to the brik family they will take care of them.
skip and kathy, i love you guys, without you i never would have made it through this far.
Alcohol was also something that let me escape the darkness.
only because it seems so easy for people to get along that have empathy.
People thought I was avoiding my orientation, but I was actually avoiding the truth, which is that while I'm straight, I will never be content with anyone.
Growing up I viewed my future relationships as a possible escape from this thing that haunts me every day, but I began to realize how entangled it was with every aspect of my life and how it is never going to release me.
so i am doing what seems to be the best thing to do.
This is what want, you gave me hsv and hpv, I want you to apologize for it because you care enough to.
Tell marlie that i dont need the sticker.
Osama bin Laden is planning on blowing up the Super Bowl with an antiquated nuclear bomb left over from the 1967 Israeli-Syrian war.
Ah, well, I guess I won't trouble them anymore, aud them trouble me of course, lol.
you will say i am crazy and i cannot go on this way just half living.
No one be upset I beg.
should this no longer exist, to the state; should the state also be destroyed, no further decision of mine is necessary.
I talk to them on the phone like nothing happened.
the survival instinct is not concerned with whether i personally would be better off dead.
Hey folks,
I tried to move into a position Of greater power and influence to try and right some Of the wrongs.
I could never have just her, without the darkness being a part of all of our interactions.
commitment to a rational suicide spares one erosive accelerating investment against unwanted existence.
so many people thought i would go straight to the top.
i am a loyal person.
when i'm now 45 please.
I received in.
Before this I was on top of the world
Clearly, the function of government is to protect the individual, from hardship and disease, from zealots, from the exploitation, from monopoly, even from itself.
I have lost my mind by spells and I do not dare think what I may do in those spells.
It will also help other professors from getting similar allegations when they are strict with students and give marks according to performance and not due to pressure.
I can barely leave the house.
However I feel like I have been a prisoner of depression for So long that some time i will be set free.
that was the beginning of my illness.
There is no one responsible for my suicide.
(3)most importantly LOVE GOD.
But I still lived.
In the span of a few months, everything that mattered to me betrayed me.
no one had anything to do with this.
Condolences to my people & Their loved ones who have been victims AT The hands of BAD cops for dreades.
My old friends changed, they didn't talk to me, they didn't even like me.
i am sorry once again.
I struggled to forget those experiences but I could not.
I know I probably never told you enough but I really love you.
further i want to be remembered as a fairly active vibrant caring individual how people perceive of me now not the bedridden sickly forgetful person that i can see myself starting a path towards becoming.
i am unable to do anything because of poor health.
Understand that (REMOVED).
i could wish that i had, for my goodby kiss, a .38 police special with which i have made some good scores - not records but at least made my mark.
I have that filing plastic thing in my Room some where that should have both kids ss cards and birth certificates.
Different fabric But unlike your son, I wanted to please everybody and finally I failed.
thanks for all the pain.
PS PLEASE ACT AS THE EXECURIY OF MY ESTATE.
i do not think two people could have been happier until this terrible disease came.
Many things throughout have belittled me - prevent me from being myself - improving my confidence & self-esteem.
I keep trying and I keep failing.
I NAME had interest in (REMOVED) since 5th grade.
they will torture our seniors.
i feel like shit everyday i do not want to go out anymore.
i would have let you shoot me without further ado but it is not possible to hang the german reichsmarschall i cannot permit this for germanys sake.
I wanted to know but nobody knew.
as a glorious thing made up of star dust.
Please Please every body wheather you like each other or not come together for the kids and keep them happy, Healthy, Safe.
I dont deserve it I am not worthy.
i was burning in hell every day.
I beg you to please re-open the enquiry and ask the administration to rusticate Roll # 18444, BS Mass Com on the basis of putting false allegations against a professor.
i am never going to find a man who loves me.
"the time has come for me to move on.
we already teeter,
I was a happy person, loved life, I was confident and I felt good in my
Any people anywhere, being inclined and having the power, have the right to rise up, and shake off the existing government... - Abraham Lincoln
The American people have a right to seek and to obtain knowledge upon right living in the marriage relation, either orally or in print, without molestation by this paid informer, Anthony Comstock, or by anybody else.
the courses are going too bad for me.
my momma taught me to do good to others.
Chief.
Please let my children know that I love them, I would do anything to be with them, but unfortunately we all have our limits.
I ordered NAME to fire the taser.
It's such hard work breaking old habits and I honestly do not want to be a hypocrit.
Their church was always more important than the members of their family and they happily sacrificed whatever was necessary in order to satisfy their contrived beliefs about who they should be.
We had so many good memories together as well as the tragedy with Elise.
(bath water deep enough to suffocate me when i pass out).
As for my vague sense of anxiety about my own future, I think I analyzed it all in A Fool's Life, except for a social factor, namely the shadow of feudalism cast over my life.
in this way heavy and thoughtful warmer than oil and water i have rested drooling at the mouthhole.
Biased explaination
I've heard good things about what Jesus can do, yet Everywhere I go in Christianity, all the Christions I see or meet are miserable, angry, selfish, hypocritical, proud, power, hungry, Abusive, uncaring, confused, lustful, greedy, unsure of their doctrine and mean spiritel.
It would anyway have happened anytime in future.
In truth, I was nothing more than a prop, filling space SO that my absence would not be noted.
Please do write something; SIGNATURE.
I'm reminded every morning of what was done to me and the control it has over my life.
the hate that rages within me, rages not for those i love so dearly or those who have crossed my path.
First we spit on the United Nations, then we expect them to clean up our mess.
the only thing that brought joy to my school life was playing baseball and football.
The fact iS, I am not getting better, I am not going to get bette, and I will most certainly deteriorate fUrther as time goes on.
thank you for your time.
you need not expect to see me back again for i have made up my mind to make away with
request moneylender: do not trouble my father.
even the cornea and the leftover urine were gone.
be kind to each other.
i have no control over anything in my life.
i see their drinks swilling in their fingers as their backs begin to face me.
the only thing i dread, besides the pain, is the way my family will suffer.
sorry i came into this world.
i am gay and i should not be fucked over because of that.
i totally hold Mr. NAME (chairman) & his management alongwith Dr.NAME
Drive back and forth to (REMOVED) daily for a period than it goes to 3 days a week through 3 months of minter it is only 1 time a week.
I used to think if I solved some problem or achieved some goal, maybe he would leave.
Even during the hard times, I felt charmed.
Yes this does seem To be out of character but i ask that you finish reading before you make that decision.
It's likely that things wouldn't have worked out with her and we would have broken up (with our relationship ending, like the majority of relationships do) even if I didn't have this problem, since we only dated for a short time.
i would like to send my regards to miss s. in drew seminary.
i present this picture of another womanthe girl i thought i married.
all this press talk about a rocky relationship was no more than what every long-term relationship experiences.
I am in hopes that a column of some sort can be printed in the Journal (REMOVED) about how & was treated by police and (REMOVED) narcotics officers, after I gave them information leading to the arresting of some of (REMOVED) Major drug deals.
i want you to, and do not think for one minute that i have not appreciate everything you have done.
I can only hope my sacrifice is worth more than those brave lives thrown away when we attacked an Arab nation under the deception of 'Weapons of Mass Destruction'.
delhi police, please get vipin punished for his acts.
practically all of these hypotheses will be dramatic and completely wrong.
if i were, your bitchy comments that i am assuming were your attempt to help, would not have.
and now i am the one who is blamed for everything.
that is what we spend million of dollars building persons for.
i am leaving you with your worries in this sweet cesspool.
I will never be able to be at peace or content or in a healthy relationship.
i think spinoza told the world more than christ did although christs message was more fundamental.
no one is responsible for my this act of killing myself.
I got real dark.
i want dr. b. to officiate at my funeral.
it feels good but never felt so good i tell you.
Those men who invaded our house Killed me, and Those awful people bringing These bogus charges.
i think i will be happy in heaven no longer a faggot just a person.
time eternity.
Parts of it are too terrible and would hurt people.
goodbye, everybody!
This has affected every aspect of my life.
I request no legal action on any of my family members.
it does not help me.
it does not matter.
I didn't die alone you are all sitting here with me in my heart.
i am sorry for all that i have done to us.
to whom it may concern,
death is i tell you i do not care how many screams you hear i do not care how many anguished cries death is a million times preferable to spend more days in this life.
Our elected representatives are supposed to find diplomatic and benevolent solutions to these situations.
do not grieve for me.
i hope i can find a place of peace and happiness, a place i am child enough to live, yet man enough to survive.
i am at this point right now so embittered against the world that i do not know why i am writing this.
I know now that the darkness will never leave.
i believe this is true for the majority though not for all.
this sheer cliff so high.
there is in my heart no body except him-there was none before and nor will there be any in future.
All it takes is a single doctor who violates my trust, just like the ""friends"" who I told I was gay did, and everything would be made public and I'd be forced to live in a world where people would know how fucked up I am.
my landlord newton called.
you were always the one that provided for her.
i'd tried twice, but those times were not serious.
you destroyed my christmas and my birthday dinner when i came back.
this is where i get off.
i love you!
then you have no future you will never be saved it is the end.
absolutely no reason except i have a toothache.
THERE IS A LITTLE SURPRISE WAITING FOR YOU IN THE BOA ACCOUNT.
especially you, why not lee?
i sincerely regret any inconvenience that this may have caused anyone involved.
i am not hurt at this moment.
They don't understand why I'm here.
i almost like it when my friends come to me with problems.
i am sorry i have changed.
i have tried so hard to make our lives pleasant and lovable, but you did not seem to care.
i try to edge my way back into the circle of giggles and talking,
it made me realize how much i appreciate myself, because i had a glimpse of what i might have lost.
people do not understand how to be selfless.
dear it will soon be all now over.
It was quiCk, and I did not suffer.
Today was going to be a good day.
i loved her, always have and always will.
my death needs to mean something.
as a last salutation may i present 'life eternal'.
Lastly, the ORGANIZATION enters the picture again as they have managed to create such a culture Of fear ill the medical community that doctors are too scared to even take the necessary Steps to control the symptomS.
do not get angry on me.
thus, the other day, i heard they were honoring the canadian men and women who fought at the frontline during the world wars.
"say goodbye to pat, say goodbye to the president, and say goodbye to yourself, because you are a nice guy."
i am so........ sorry for being skinny .
Thank you for being the best parents..
share alike between my children William Charles Willes, Alice Howard, Elizabeth McCallough, Harriett Elenoh
we cannot go back they will not leave us alone.
people look at you like you are dangerous.
i felt humiliated, which made me angry.
I love you.
I'm fed up of fighting & struggling the worse situations.
Mom, that singular act instead of helping me fueled what is about to happen to me a few minutes from now.
life is unbearable for me?forgive me.
Please push my SSI through soon so I can at least be able to DO SOMETHING.
I apologized about and I did whatever I had to do to make it up
i wish we had spent more time together in recent years.
the fbi lied in their report to the ag attorney general the press is covering up the illegal benefits they received from the travel staff the gop has lied and misrepresented its knowledge and role and covered up a prior investigation the ushers office plotted to have excessive costs incurred taking advantage of kaki white house designer and hrc hilary rodham clinton the public will never believe the innocence of the clintons and their loyal staff the wsj wall street journal editors lie without consequence i was not meant for the job or the spotlight of public life in washington.
Nothing seems real now.
Do what you love, child.
But even this made no impression upon NAME; he still is firmly convinced (so he says) that Anthony Comstock is a strictly truthful man.
absolutely no reason except i have a toothache.
this note should be pretty easy to understand.
call your mother, she will know what to do.
My name is NAME.
If I have any freedom left, that freedom is the control over my own life and body , and I shall exercise it by removing myself from the hurt that the Home Office has put me under, and end my own life.
I think my identity was swiped.
She needs you.
If someone had query about me I will undergo medical examination that I never had sex.
That first sip of iced cold brew in sticky August.
Even if I felt like this is something I could have shared, I have no interest in being part of a friendship or relationship where the other person views me as the damaged and contaminated person that I am.
I want you to take care when you are with other girts and pay attention to your body your actions effect people.
I am filled with so much hate, hate toward myself hate towards God and unimaginable emptyness it seems like everytime we do something fun I think about how Elise wasn't here to share it with us and I go right back to anger.
do not be too sad .
Shikata ga?nai.
Please tell NAME everyday how much you love hi, and provide him with stability.
I request my CO-PG's to stand united & support each other at last.
i have to say goodbye now so do not be sad.
i am never happy.
i am afraid i am a coward.
They live in a black and white reality they've constructed for themselves.
about you cheating on me.
If one death can atone for anything, in any small way, to say to the world: I apologize for what we have done to you, I am ashamed for the mayhem and turmoil caused by my country.
Remember me for when I was happy.
i tell you get moving get moving get moving.
your dad told you not do these things - I owe you & Lois will provide something for you - Lois, you keep all you need -
from the final hiaku of a twentytwoyearold kamikaze pilot.
jones i have tried my best to give you a good life.
are all those Christians going to be in hell for not following and/or believing in you the "right way"?
you may not have known this but you affected me deeply to a point where i lost myself in loving you.
speaking from the tongue of an experienced simpleton who obviously would rather be an emasculated, infantile complain-ee.
I have the urge to declare my sanity and justify my actions, but I assume I'll never be able to convince anyone that this was the right decision.
with your indifference to me; is the difference.
Not because of her (I got over our relationship relatively quickly), but because of the realization that I would never have another relationship and because it signified the last true, exclusive personal connection I could ever have.
Fram a logical standpoint, it iS better to Simply end things quickly and let any repercussions from that play out in the Short term than to drag things out into the long term.
not too much gossip please.
i am scared and i am tired and i can not take any more.
she had recently run away with his brother.
I want you to be strong and live life with whole respect as your husband has not done anything.
I can't stop people from spreading rumours, but at least I could try and spread what really happened seeing as it's still being talked about anyway.
All day, every
you cannot get health insurance.
i hope you can understand that.
people say 'it gets better' but that is not true in my case.
some people do not talk to me.
and i am in college but barely, i show up to class but that is about it.
please do not tell my mother the truth - your whole tribe is partly responsible for this - from your mother on down - hope they are satisfied.
"sanjay rathod saheb,
 i have not been able to reap my crop due to bad monsoon."
In fact, I'd prefer it be made public to people being unable to read it and drawing their own conclusions.
i have wanted to be dead for so long.
I want you to know How very much I LOVE you.
try not to grieve.
So judge me by my actions.
That is the truth of certain politicians nowadays.
he ranks.
I guess i'm a fuck up & a loser.
i expected to be put in a straitjacket any minute.
to celebrate the goodness.
They would follow up such a person even when he went into the service of other employers, and leave no stone unturned to ruin him in after years.
instead, knowing there to be a marked shortage of cadavers for the medical profession, for which i have endless respect, i hereby bequeath 1) my body to medics for dissection; also 2) to mark b. all personal effects - to be divided as whim decrees - with dr. lois j., l.a. and to each - a deep fondness and love.
thus it is an obvious truth that if the olympic games removed the men-women distinction, there would be women only in the graceful events.
I am taking my life, because a judge, at the instigation of Anthony Comstock, has decreed me guilty of a crime which I did not commit--the circulation of obscene literature--and has announced his intention of consigning me to prison for a long term.
oh how can i stand being left.
i appreciate the fact that i and we have affected and entertained a lot of people.
the dear children how warmly have i been attached to you charlotte since the first hour i saw you how impossible have i found it to leave you this ribbon must be buried with me it was a present from you on my birthday.
i called a friend who is not upset by my death wish.
my fondes dreams are shattered because ofa petty offial i decide to end it.
Readers i implore you to Go hug somebody!
To God:
i am wondering if i will find time to think of the past as i whirl through space as it is said that a drowning man does when struggling in the water.
and i like to choose my own kind of death for a change.
i end mine because it seems not only futile but wrong to go on existing.
God is ready so am I. I definitely don't want to leave anything a question beacuse I think that would be even harder to handle.
Have you even once sat down and really thought how this affects me.
i hope it makes you very happy, this is not an easy thing to do, but i have got to the point where there is nothing to live for, a little bit of kindness from you would of made everything so different, but all that ever interested you was the dollar.
my will is weak but i cannot stand anything.
before god my country and my conscience i feel myself free of the blame that an enemy tribunal has attached to me.
that's the gist of it, that's why i feel like killing myself.
i wish i could spare you the ordeal you have ahead.
no i wont let anyone else hurt me.
Something we created was sold for over $1 million...but I saw none of it.
Besides, soon enough we'll all be together again.
i have therefore chosen the manner of death of the great hannibal.
we were confident that right and truth would prevail, and i would be acquitted and we would devote the rest of our lives working to create a justice system here in the united states.
i spent last night with a prostitute talking about her wage.
I refer to Eunice Rockwell, Rachel Cookson, Dr. Treverton, and Dr. Hand, who is thier affidavits forswore the testimony given on my trial, as I have shown, and to Dilworth Choate.
I was suffering and worried.
this is no way to live.
it sounds real stupid.
It simply isn't fair to you or me.
My family are wonderful people, but their world is isolating, their hearts are closed, and I just cant seem to get near them.
love, frank
Charles Gollop) the executors.
her personal safety is always on my mind.
i am sad enough already, i do not need my life to get any worse.
whatever happens to the corpse buried burned or dissected its owner belonged to no religion and wishes to be spared a religious ceremony which probably would be refused anyhow.
i love you, i love you!
please do me a favor - please do not cry, missing me.
i am nothing.
you have all touched my life in one way or another, especially those whom i call family.
my mind - always warped and twisted - has reached the point where i can wait no longer - i do not dare wait longer - until there is the final twist and it snaps and i spend the rest of my life in some state run snake pit.
there is no way to tell you or anyone else why i dread every new day.
i cannot subject my children to that.
To whom it may concern: This is my last writing as I am tired of being depressed.
I had to shoot her too.
I have been thinking about finishing at Leeds, I've also been thinking of other things which I won't say.
I got dark.
Alcohol and other drugs provided a way to ignore the realities of my situation.
you told me so much that i started believing it.
Evidence has come to light that my wife was for years before her death addicted to the Use (or misuses) of the drug from an overdose of which she died.
my parents actually do not put almost any stress on me at all.
I was fooled to trust him and he hacked into my foolishness.
Its no good anymore.
Maybe I like having people I can talk to about what's been going on in my life.
When youtre 9 years old, 12 years, 17 years...we all go through the typical range of growing-up emotions.
Probably no one who attempts suicide, as Regnier shows in one of his short stories, is fully aware of all his motives, which are usually too complex.
please stay calm.
if you try i will beat the hell out of you fag boy.
you have given me the greatest possible happiness.
I think it's selfish to ask people to continue living painful and miserable lives, just so you possibly won't feel sad for a week or two.
I have seen them faking signs and documents.
that was the trouble.
your life was about partying and women.
He had sex with his male partners also NAME from ADDRESS his gay friend.
keep keep your emotions down.
this is all being typed just for the sake of it.
i do not like him any more than a companion, for a while i thought i did but no more, in fact, i am quite tired of him, as you know, i get tired of everyone after a while.
I still love you and I believed that you sent that text because you cared about me.
If Not, my people, & the people in general will continue to strike back aganst all cops until we see That bas cops are no longer protected & Allowed to flourish.
The doctor is wonderful but she says she has no clue about these things.
i believe in the fairy tale that i may be able to be reborn as a superior human being.
But I am trying to plea with the driving law.
even now i cannot remember some things.
"dear world, i am leaving because i am bored.
But even after that every now and then our stipend was cut for no reason.
To add in the end NAME (A local politician) is also responsible for the falsehood & equally responsible for my death.
about the evil god (yes)
It must have been very hard for her, not knowing what was actually going on with me, but this is not something I've ever been able to talk about with anyone.
i feel that i will not improve and cannot keep on causing you and the children so much misery.
That's why you wanted other men in our bed using me.
While my depression proved to be my undoing, each of you must ask yourselves what role you played in this.
i tried so hard to fight against this strong battle.
i wish with all my heart and soul there was some other way out of this terrible torment.
forgive me.
my mood is one of profound discouragement and my personal future appears bleak.
sorry i was not pretty.
It was me.
no - i feel like i have become a lot more sensitive to people.
human life consists in mutual service.
believing this choice to be of social service in promoting wiser views on this question i have preferred chloroform to cancer.
The pork belly and grape mini from State Bird Provisions circa 2013.
you are not interested.
i have lived 47 years - there are not 47 days i would live over again if i could avoid it.
ralph bartonevery one who knows me and hears of it will have a different hypothesis to offer to explain why i did it.
it is not decent for society to make a man do this to himself.
NAME (HOD) responsible for my death, as i was going through continuous torture because of them.
My opinions were not recognized.
This note should be preety easy to understand.
my future is destroyed my happiness snatched away from me.
my darling to love you as i do and live without you is more than i can bear.
If God watches the sparrow fall, you notice that it continues to drop, even to its death.
even you are only a pretext.
Somebody should be there to handle duties of family.
i just want to leave this world.
He has not even tried to come to my door, and for that I am grateful.
Now that I am being convicted falsely, this event will forever remain a burden in my life.
that is why you do not agree with me you do not understand japan.
put on the and, Her son's Birth month is middle May, and Her Daughters Birth is also oct.
i honestly believe that a fast end such as this while one is still able yet ill enough to justify it is easier on my close friends who have been so unbelievably supportive emotionally for me and my family who have been no less so than to drag this out.
Help her in any way possible.
god will understand, and i know that.
i have it good, very good, and i am grateful, but since the age of seven, i have become hateful towards all humans in general.
"look after my dogs.
I know this already probably sounds like attention-seeking but it's honestly far from it.
my golfing buddies, hoss, alan austin, mike, craig, bender, wyler, sandy, jay, donnie, thanks for the fun.
I couldn't overcome it.
The U.S. will have to face the consequences for its horrific actions against the Palestinian people and Iraqis by its allegiance with the monstrous Israelis--who want nothing short of world domination!
He said he would not let the question go to the jury; he considered the book "obscene, lewd, lascivious, dirty."
I love you both more than you know, and those baby's are so special.
(2) Forgive and Love everyone especially yourself
"i am so cold, please do something.
I love yous all.
Living in this world is much tougher than we think and I made every effort to become a good human being, but failed every time.
I would prefer to be thought of as a 'spiritual warrior'.
I could understand if someone gets pilled in a week but not just driving to make a living why can't this state hargle drivers for a home braclet but work n giving driving work permits full ins.
grandfather, grandmother, uncle and mother will love you so much that you will never miss me.
i cannot make it right by living.
But we did not separate, because she told me.
yes the last thirty minutes.
(Not just what you may have heard around school but what actually happened .)
Though tho prosecution attempted a rebuttal, they did not dare to produce in open court the witnesses whose affidavits were the most important of those on which Recorder Smyth denied my motion for retrial.
what do they know they talk about fucking girls.
i keep thinking about the pills in the cabinet but i am scared.
Love always and forever,
i can never recover from my childhood loneliness.
They have destroyed me.
i think to myself how easy to die and a sweet death to violins.
Couldn't you for once have gone out of your way to just spend some time with me so that we could talk?
She is not at all fit for this profession and specially this branch.
Tracing a sleeping eyebrow.
Thanks for letting me take part.
AS things have continued to get worse, it has become Clear that thiS alone
I have accepted hope is nothing more than delayed disappointment, and I am just plain old-fashioned tired of feeling tired.
All I know is that I can't deal with this pain any longer and I'm am truly sorry I couldn't wait until my family and everyone I knew died so this could be done without hurting anyone.
they want to keep the advantages of women (e.g. cheaper insurance, extended maternity leave preceded by a preventative leave, etc.)
i did not see any love or commitment from you.
take good care of our adored little joseph and continue loving him as i love you.
In this regard, the separation of church and state needs to be reviewed.
let's see if i get myself with this one.
i have done my part by the world as best i could.
Mom, Dad, I could not become your good son, forgive me.
everyday became harder and harder .
I love all the ppl that know i fwy but I still Fw everybody ylall know
Who asked was I straight?
fall quarter i called suicide prevention.
Index medical college was ordered by high court to cut down all fees to original (i.e.
i have therefore decided that there is no further point in continuing my life.
i love you both very much and wanted to get along with you both.
And you have been an amazing friend & are a
after all i was stupid to be used because i worked hard to adjust myself to the atmosphere in the presidents room under the direction of the director.
all worries unsettled,
The world is going to shit who wants to live anyways?
It was comforting to identify tangible issues as the source of my problems instead of something that I'll never be able to change.
so i need to stop all of this fucking shit now.
be happy in it.
I do not suppose you will care to leave your seats."
im so sorry.
myself and my wife - in order to escape the disgrace of deposition or capitulation - choose death.
Forgive me.
Hunan Bistro's fried rice.
o god bless me through the evils of this day.
but i always was rushing.
They want me to be hurt, be in pain? they have taken away everything I used for my survival.
i will go through with my heels at your hungry ribs.
But as I said this honestly is more so for students who are unaware of this and are in danger of those students.
Again, on the 20th of April last, although under sentence of death.
I confided in you was the alone.
Three to four nights a week I have nightmares about what happened.
I NAME self declare that no one is repsonsible for my death.
I want the kids to live with their dads and mainly be raised by their dads but very much involved with all sides of family.
you want to just fuck guys so what the fuck is wrong with you fag boy.
nobody is going to spit on me again.
"what is a few short years to live in hell.
People don't care about their word or what they've promised, they just do whatever the fuck they want and justify it later.
children it will not hurt.
he is a good friend Tell Dennis Kancler I am sorry for whole has happend but I didn't do this & it will be proved.
I'm not blaming NAME for my actions.
unconcerned about myself.
i was working for us.
sorry for this too brief letter.
which did not prevent me from obtaining very good marks despite my theory of not handing in work and the lack of studying before exams.
my love, you are in my heart.
For your sakes, I have struggled along in the face of great odds; for your sakes I have come at last to the place where I must lay down my life for you, either in prison or out of prison.
I'm very disappointed with the Army.
i see no good in incurring the expense and misery of the bronchoscopy.
am i glad i was rescued?
The illness I have has caused me pain that not even the strongest medicines could dull, and there iS no cure.
I'm so sorry for what I've put you through I never meant to hurt all of you so much and I don't blame any one of you for drowning me.
everything will depend on having it at the right moment when it will do her no harmbut she must know it she must know it.
I was going to die on DATE but NAME stopped me.
ever since i was diagnosed as having cancer you have done everything conceivable to precipitate my death.
i let you know my feelings toward you when i should not have.
no one has instigated me, whether by their acts or by their words to this act.
daddy will never leave you!
But as we got closer emotionally the darkness would return and every night it'd be me, her and the darkness in a black and gruesome threesome.
beautiful i drive hundreds of miles looking for my particular cliff get tripped behind acid.
If sufficient of a popular demand be made for this book, and especially if the demand voice itself in the public press, he will not dare to attack the book in the courts.
sorry about this.
I think I covered everything reason y?
I'm really sorry).
so my opinion is that you be kind to children and be kind to seniors and take the potion like they used to take in ancient greece and step over quietly because we are not committing suicide it is a revolutionary act.
why was i a gay though, why me, why whey why why i always ask.
No it is not suicide, it is murder because theyy murdered my reputation, my mission in life (Sewa at PGI because yesterday people tried to stop the free distribution of medicines by my trust at the Gurudwarra of PGI, Gurudware Parlash Darshan 6 Palshahi.)
money invested in my possession or received from any policy or policies of assurance, jewellery, household furniture,
But so much was broken from this past year-and-a- half, and from moments way back before that, I guess it was just insurmountable, and the time's up.
if youd beif youd be quiet.
i have been brooding over this matter and the seriousness of the matter involving this other man makes it mandatory that i ernest p. should protect the reputation of my family in the only available and possible manner.
It's easy that way.
i'd been thinking about it for a month off and on.
i and my daughter have committed suicide.
they do not win i will win because i will be happy and they are horrible people. fuck i can not stop crying but i am very happy to it is weird.
my life has been lived.
it has prevented my getting anything like the full value out of my talent and the past three years has made work a torture to do at all.
In case you are the one who found the body, I am really sorry.
the more the pain grows clear and definite the more the instinct for life asserts itself and the thought of suicide recedes.
I tried to make life better for Pomlandians but I'm afraid that I just made it harder for people to get jobs, pay for energy.
tired of it.
I regret killing husband and mother of Judge Lefkow as much as I regret that I have to die for the simple reason that they personally did me no wrong
i have made a will here which i desire to be respected and add the donation of 120 to dr. ecklin my physician.
i am just empty.
the state made me go to a psychiatrist.
I wanted it to be for me.
On Friday last, DATE, I underwent what was supposed to be a fair and impartial trial by jury; but which was really a most unfair trial, before a thoroughly partisan judge, at the close of which he abolished my right of trial by jury on the main question at issue, namely the alleged obscenity of "The Wedding Night" book.
She has mental illness for which she needs psychiatric treatment.
Someone I know I could be with and love for the rest of my life, if I weren't so fucked up.
you are better off.
how confused it all appears little did i then think that i should journey this road but peace i pray you peace they the pistols are loaded the clock strikes twelve.
But I hope you do.
For the DoS 15 years.
We must help victims of sexual violence, because we as a society allowed it to happen.
She had to go to court for missing alot of school and she got probation and she is not saposed to miss any more school and she keeps on missing.
i am putting nupercain on my arms, a local anaesthetic, no sense in causing myself unnecessary discomfort when i apply the razor.
do not be sad.
i do believe strongly, however, that the right to do so is one of the most fundamental rights that anyone in a free society should have.
I think keeping quite and private about it when want to scream from the rooftops is a decent thing to do.
Face the truth folks, God doesn't care, that's not what God is or does.
i know i know.
it is not your and do not be sad please never be sad.
i have long ago prepared myself for the time when i reached the end of the trail.
and maybe you finally have to accept the fact that you did slip through the cracks.
I needed someone who could reach the depth of my soul and feel the vacuum there.
our god will send them into the world.
I will never have an exclusive bond with someone, someone who can be the recipient of all the love I have to give.
youre my best friend and youre such an amazing person and youre going to be so successful and i love you.
I'd been giving anything of myself I could for Project Sport, trying to build something great together with a "family'l of my own.
i have run from wife to wife from house to house and from country to country in a ridiculous effort to escape from myself.
and not this lost person.
it is been just 15 minutes now.
most of it is totally made up.
if giving my life will shorten the war by even one day it will not have been in vain.
for me much of the world makes no sense, but my feelings about what i am doing ring loud and clear to an inner ear and a place where there is no self, only calm.
john 3:16
okay, this post isnt about my reasoning for taking my life and all its potential.
He came to Una hotel.
But it does not matter.
the support and friendship i received from so many: wayne hughes, lewis markes, frank olson, mark packer, bender, bobby kardashian.
I met you, you introduced me to cocaine, prostitutes, mentat abuse and disease.
But still, next year in 2017 they again told us to submit 9,90,000/- which I didnot pay.
Many of the things parents do in the name of showing love are not what we the younger ones need.
About my funeral I want contemp music-like from Room Zll.
if anybody could have saved me it would have been you.
delay resuscitation as long as possible.
i made glittar jars to calm myself down.
theres good in all of us and i simply love people too much.
Ain't no Rip It's "Stay saucin in paradise" or "fly high fly guy" or long live no rip Cus I Ain't at peace I'm just finally happy free
No one is affiliated.
many thanks to my family.
This is how the secular world works.
She was put in an unnatural situation that she never should have been a part of.
Death will be a blessed relief to me in my suffering.
you know that.
(This is what you said & this is how I took it!
One glorious evening and a 360 [degree symbol] turn.
evil is the prerogative of the deity.
there were programs for the other patients but they did not put me in any because they did not know how long i would be staying.
I know everyone will remember me as some sort of monster but please understand that I just don't want to be a burden on the ones that I care for my entire life I just want to take a few peices of shit with me.
So everything was hard.
i do my duty for the love of my people and my country.
Everything is so foggy.
however nature looks even more beautiful exactly because i am at the end of my life.
unlike what has been written in the press, nicole and i had a great relationship for most of our lives together, like all long-term relationships, we had a few downs and ups.
To all of my friends I'm so sorry for what I've done to you and put you through I've been a peice of shit my entire life it seems this is my only action.
sure that will not bring caylee marie back, but was casey threatened?
Real true authentic street tacos.
But I do know that when I went to PLACE a secret complaint was lodged with the police My accuser never faced me openly in court.
i think joe would like to have him with him at that time.
incidentally it was surprisingly easy and required no guts.
Love you.
goodbye and thank you for all your love.
It is not claimed, and never has been, that my wife willfully destroyed herself, for she was beloved and happy.
i want you to know that my parents were not the reason for this.
their lives will be tough enough.
The worst part about this is that I'm a liar on paper.
do not trouble my friends and enemies on this after i am gone.
The sadness that was slowly esting me, finally devoured me.
may you always remember i loved you once but died hating you.
I despise everything they stand for and I truly hate them, in a non-emotional, dispassionate and what I believe is a healthy way.
vipin jain and his parents must get the severe punishment, so that, they do not spoil the life of another girl.
it is our wish to be burnt immediately on the spot where i have carried out the greatest part of my daily work in the course of a twelve years' service to my people.
It is time to let go of primitive and magical beliefs, and enter the age of personal responsibility.
desperate to start a life.
i thought, he has got rid of everybody else, he's going to get rid of himself and he did.
"if you are reading this, it means that i have committed suicide and obviously failed to delete this post from my queue.
and they knew that i could hear them.
?EYI STRAICY? FOR ME OTHER THAN THE ONE I HAVE CHOSEN HERE.
"when i am dead, and over me bright april
shakes out her rain drenched hair,
tho you should lean above me broken hearted,
i shall not care.
for i shall have peace.
as leafey trees are peaceful
when rain bends down the bough.
and i shall be more silent and cold hearted
than you are now."
their lives will be tough enough.
Flower has not hesitated to interfere, as in the case of James Minnough about a year ago: but in that case the facts justified the court, and there was no Recorder Smyth clamoring to be uphold.
There were many more errors you made in understanding me, but time is short and i have more to.
I needed someone who would love me for who I was.
I make friends with woman and they use me for my car, a babysitter, free food, a nite or two on the floor.
forgive me for not seeing them.
razors pain you rivers are damp acids stain you and drugs cause cramp.
one would think that there would be something different that can be done.
may her guts rot in hell - i loved her so much.
Sometimes worry about Hell.
marcus, you have got a great lady in catherine, do not mess it up.
i will not be the faggot, the queer, the fag boy, the pussy.
I think I've been depressed for as long as I can recall.
This is too awful for you.
I transferred my car to NAME
in understanding love, pain, life, death.
please forgive me.
it is not only fear it is a wish not to let them get me.
Since being kicked out, I've interacted with them in relatively normal ways.
I was never particularly fond of computers or mathematically inclined, but the temporary peace it would provide was like a drug.
Sorry, I know things are hard for you, you've been through pretty much the worst.
Everyone wants that.
maybe on my journey i'll find jesus.
there is no reason why, under the circumstances of my withdrawal from the firm, they should pay anything more.
I hope that you can all find it in your heart to see it as way for me not suffering anymore and that I am finally at rest with myself, for being at rest with the guilt that constantly ate at me for so long.
american troops i have waited for four years yes four years i wanted the jieitai to rise four years i have come to the last thirty minutes.
but suicides have a special language.
it takes humility not pride.
Because I never learned to love myself.
Dear (omit) Bentcey:
we humans are animals and all animals are afraid of death what we call life energy is animal energy.
because i have decided to send the feminists, who have always ruined my life, to their maker.
fix society.
who have for many years aided me by their work. "
edge the woman is perfected.
I thought I'm done but NO, it didn't fill their appetite.
i did it because i cannot adapt myself to this world.
Opposition, becoming known, was difficult.
we split into two to come change the world!
call it which is the word for "nothing." that's as i have told you for years, is what i want.
so i am doing what seems the best thing to do.
My last mins will be spent in deep Prayer.
It is understandable for any of you to hate me.
trigger-happy madmen, often police, of killer executioners...!
Give me a little more work and life's starting to come back together.
i loved my hair and my laugh.
I will not participate in your charade - my conscience will not allow me to be a part of your crusade.
I am tired of trying to be decent.
dear lee,
But one cheering thing is that NAME is still there with you.
because of a growing conviction that a hereditary insanity is manifesting itself beyond my control, i am taking this way out - before mere nuisance attacks and rages against others assume a more dangerous form.
in the end you will see
boring.
The disposable whore attitude.
I have been labelled a liar, and the police constable does not believe what I say.
i ask that her portrait and a lock of her hair which i will have on me when i die be placed in my coffin which should be as similar as possible to that of my dearest marguerites.
You have all touched my life in one way or another, especially those whom I call family.
they will torture our people.
i did not give up.
simple dreams were horatio's philosophy.
heartache unresolved?
the war is like my final act a war of frustration.
You better listen to momma and NAME.
But I just don't want this.
everybody asks "why did you do it?" and i do not know.
Sorry
So with these 10,000 pages of regulations in my arms, I'm going to jump off the Fremont Bridge into the Willamette River .
My first memories as a child are of being raped, repeatedly.
seems that there are more gas fumes in here than anything else right now.
I realize I am undeserving of thinking this way because I truly have a great life on paper.
I explored myriad ways I could put an end to what I was going through.
All there is is memories blud, and I am sure they will be kept if they deserve to be.
i forgive everyone and ask forgiveness of everyone.
and remember me when i was happy.
i wish all the very best for the future.
I stupidly assumed that no matter how the darkness affected me personally, my romantic relationships would somehow be separated and protected.
I reached the Centre well on time at 8.45AM.
vipin jain is responsible for my death.
i am sorry for the goldman family.
All I ask now is for you to have one delicious (I mean a really really great) meal in my honor and let me go, no exceptions.
you have always been smarter, more knowledgeable & thought things thru & i love you for that.
the worst they can do for one in this world is to hang you and if there is any eternal torment worse than mine i will have to be shown i do not know if it is of much importance but i feel that the only method of dying without pain is to use carbon monoxide.
i just want to die and that is all so i do not have to put up with this fucking shit.
much later that night i took ten coricidin and went to bed.
No one hires a loser.
#NAME?
I wish for everything & own to go to my Daughter.
you have been in every way all that anyone could be.
i am too sensitive.
and i hope the assholes go to hell.
do not be afraid to die.
for months, you & i, especially you always questioned, why?
I've had it.
as they say the final juicy incident is closed my beloved boat is broken on the rocks of daily life.
Speaking from the tougue of an experienced simpleton who obviously would rather be an emasculated, infantile complaince.
i want a new beginning.
Since Friday last, people of influence and respectability have written to the judge on my behalf and have been to see him; but he announces his inflexible intention of sending me to prison, and, he is careful to malignantly add, "for a long, long term."
and all those children that can help let the little children in and reassure them.
Please don't blame yourselves in any possible way for this as there is nothing possibly that you could have done.
I love you, You remember the day when you accepted the fact that you manipulated me as a kid to like science.
buy for dr. ecklin above mentioned reades best stomach pumps.
the above mentions abuse and drains - there's nothing left of me for raising my son - bless his heart and soul.
i am so tired of hurting and being a lone.
i am always sad.
free at last.
i could not reach you as a man and woman or man and wife as we have lived.
let avi know how much i love her!
It seems everyone in Christianity these days is confused.
I do have a bright future.
i loved it but that was not anything.
i thought i should at least make some attempt to let the world know what jim jones and the peoples temple isor wasall about.
I'm actually quite happy writing this.
This is my version of Rainbow Bridge My dogs and I are not going to cross it.
now my life has changed, for no apparent reason.
I will never have children, and I wanted to be a father so badly.
know that i am happy dead than being alive.
i was raised in a family where i went to church every sunday and was taught the importance of faith and god in our lives.
check that garbage Theft thing.
I love you NAME
i complained until they moved me a pretty room and let me make phone calls.
so why is this happening i am sorry for the goldman family.
[name removed] started this shit and she should be imprison forever.
Never underestimate the value of a pep-talk and a pat on the ass.
they refused me because antisocial (sic).
Programming appealed to me for this reason.
Cheney's ever growing fortune and that af hiS corporate friends?
Please forgive me I'm so sorry.
You are a criminal NAME of my life.
Thus I precluded hanging, shooting, leaping, and other manners of suicide for aesthetic and practical reasons.
I did nothing wrong.
the unappreciated child from my past.
I don't want people to wonder why I did this.
All under the guise of a completely manufactured "overprescribing epidemic," Which stands in stark relief to all of the legitimate research, which Shows the opposite to be true.
whatever this new accusation is it has beaten me.
I know the world will understand it but you and our families should trust me.
i embrace you both from the very bottom of my heart.
I couldn't ask for anything more.
they start to ask questions,
What really comes me is that I am happy at home.
I'm hoping that other politicians won't make the same mistakes that I made.
The police are requested not to investigate and bother anybody.
because you killed me everyday.
i need to be slightly numb in order to regain the enthusiasms i once had as a child.
i think there is enough insurance to see valerie through school, but if there is not - i am sure you would out of the insurance payments, at least -
i say that there is no fault of mine.
But I'm also doing this for myself.
I walked around, viewing the outside world from a distant portal behind my eyes, unable to perform normal human niceties.
i am gonna miss you so much.
i figure that if i am going to be remembered for one act it might as well be done to perfection.
i cannot fight any longer.
if i were alone i would not have committed suicide.
I know very well why.
Also, tell your friends and colleagues who have children to find out what is happening with their beloved kids before it gets too late.
i have tried to think of some way to go on but cannot.
am so nervous all the time - i loved ron too much but is that a sin, with him gone i have nothing.
I love you NAME.
i am said that i must go just a few days before your birthday - but it so happened to pan out.
We the people bear complete responsibility for all that will follow, and it won't be pretty.
Who's (sic) integrity is really in question when you have conveniently ignored your duty to review pro se criminal writ applications so you can reduce your workload, present a false picture of the court's workload, and charge large sums for work you haven't done?
NONE of you could have done BETTER than what you've done.
am sorry.
NAME had a very long grudge agaainst papa.
There are so many people I would write to if I could and had the time.
theres only one genius in a number of generations.
I'm really sorry mama.
god has the story written already stick to the script
no one will understand the reason for this anyway.
Brewery Road N. ? Christiana Gollop, 2 Rufford Street, Strouds Vale, Islington.
unlike what has been written in the press nicole and i had a great relationship for most of our lives together.
when i woke up it was five days later.
no one kills himself except as he wishes the death of another.
I am an immoral person at college and at home.
Ex officio informers, with their attendant spies and decoys, have been throughout history notoriously a means of exploiting the government for private and corrupt purposes.
Why did I choose it.
goodbye: no handshake to endure.
This statement to be copied for publication and the original given to my mother
i ask all of you, my dear ones, not to mourn my passing.
I just can't be a burden to you and my friends any longer.
In mid-session they hiked tuition fee from Rs 8,55,000 /- to Rs 9,90,000 /- and asked each student to pay the difference (i.e.
theres no hope left.
if i find any sort of life or corresponding time after death i will try to communicate with my immediate relatives at nine oclock some evening for a while.
the real faggots are tthem
vince fosteri made mistakes from ignorance inexperience and overwork i did not knowingly violate any law or standard of conduct no one in the white house to my knowledge violated any law or standard of conduct including any action in the travel office.
Remember, it is for you and for your children that I have fought this nine-years' fight.
but it will be proved, I didn't do these awful Things, I hope the DNA test helps show That.
I want to state these ideas in their simplest form, reducing all complexity, because each of us has to find our own answers anyway.
No one has so many reasons, all sentiment cr love aside, for desiring my wife to live as I had.
I prefer to die comfortably and peacefully, on my own little bed in my own room, instead of on a prison cot.
well we would always say we was going out together so that's where 11m headed
it seems as if i have been spending all my life apologizing to you for things that happened whether they were my fault or not.
Her husband ever took Rs 5 lacks through his bank account from him.
Well I have to.
feeling very happy.
no more walking.
you promised me once we made it to one year we would get engaged.
all the people we met, wow the writing is getting weird, i love you, i am sorry - i will take care of caylee- once i get to god "hopefully"
terrific smell of gas fumes.
I thought that I would not be able to describe why I want to do this and I am right.
Maybe my ability to take my own life, knowing how much pain it will cause, shows that I am a monster whoc
Direct electronic debate and balloting would be an improvement over our non-representative congress.
disregard all the mean things i have said in this letter, i have said a lot of things to you i did not really mean and i hope you get well and wish you the best of everything.
So even if I were able to trust someone, I probably would not have told them about what happened to me.
all they do is taking a drink.
I have had my life threatened by three different people sino this proffer agreement that is the only reason from me to carry the pistol that was fired in the open on the floor board of the car I was, driving when i was pulled over the speeding just before & entered a school zone.
I was alive when John F. Kennedy instilled hope into a generation, and I was a sorry witness to the final crushing of hope by Dick Cheney's puppet, himself a pawn of the real rulers, the financial plunderers and looters who profit c; following the template of Reagan's idiocracy.
i did everything for you.
I love you NAME
I still enjoy tho hopes of my childhood's faith and believe that I shall not be misjudged through ail eternity.
i do hope she will understand what my malady was and forgive me a little.
all i want is a hug dammit but i will never have another one.
4) to my father, vincent m., the sum of one dollar ($1)
Jeopardy.
To the Public:
The most the judge would do was to permit me to read from various paragraphs in the book, without comment, if these could explain the indicted paragraphs.
This is a last minute idea, but I have felt myself sinking after 1 week mark of NAME being gone.
Y'all say I'm selfish but other than my sisters and a few of my brother who checked on me ?
We grew together.
I have written this note several times in my head for over a decade, and this one finally feels right.
Even with this tiny bit of a chance, I made such good use of my opportunity before the jury, that Judge NAME, who was evidently prejudiced in advance against both myself and my book, saw that he dared not now risk the case to the jury, or he might not manage to convict me after all.
why is she gone?
Here is the statement I want to make: if I am required to pay for your barbaric war, I choose not to live in your world.
to those lovelies in hsph; thank you for everything.
blair, i love you.
call n. m. tomorrow afternoon for dinner if conscious.from a young man who shot himself.
I know in my heart what has happened.
I am not commiting suicide but sacrificing my life so that truth may come out, so that the social media gets a jolt sensational enough to see the other side of coin, to apply mind & judiciously view the video & facts before declaring an old man a molestor & sympathesing with an opportunistic blackmailer & ladder climber just because she happens to be a woman.
to make everything better i have to die.
moreover the killings were to be carried out like a spectacle with the press and film cameras there i assume for the newsreel pictures.
Dear NAME and NAME
a few days ago he was charged with a statutory charge.
There is a DNA test outstandig that was done wed at Parma hospi.
I was truely trying to get help ever before I was arrested in July TIME.
I feel like an animal that woke up one day in a human body, trying to make sense of a foreign world, living among creatures it doesn't understand and can't connect with.
i forgot to write the formalities.
I couldn't ever make up my mind as far as a Relationships and was always hurting both NAME and NAME, and Well I was in (REMOVED)'s way .
She was So Good for me, we had amazing life, I (omit) It up she Duly DiD GooD for me, I DuG myself in a deep hole, this is the only choice.
Half of their consutants are just on paper.
i think that if someone who knows me reads this they will know who i am.
it was clear from the outset that a death sentence would be pronounced against me as i have always regarded the trial as a purely political act by the victors but i wanted to see this trial through for my peoples sake and i did at least expect that i should not be denied a soldiers death.
When songs feel like they?re speaking to your soul.
the other person is younger and six feet in height but because of his name has been continually mistaken for me.
i married the wrong nag-nag-nag and i lost my life.
he took it off and showed a fine head of silvery hair.
ready and excited
the stress put on we has led me to this point.
I love you Guys.
i miss her so much.
love.
good bye to you all on the count of 3. please make sure that the sacrifice of my life is not in vain.
You, my family, know that in your hearts that this is not so.
why could she not come to us?
It's hard to live when nobody cares if you die.
somebody had to do it.
I often wonder what life must be like for other people.
I was very sad in the summer and fall, but it was not because of her, it was because I will never escape the darkness with anyone.
life perspectives clouded by the vagaries and fears of openendedness become crystal clear.
your characteristic is that of a true angel and the definition of god's love!
Our leaders are not wise persons with integrity and vision - they are actors reading from teleprompters, whose highest goal is to stir up the mob.
forgive me if i fail to make sense.
So I will leave this unsigned.
the social worker told me to drive to the emergency room.
The world will be a better place when they're dead--one with less hatred and intolerance.
Whatever the lawyers decide to do I don't care.
I really wish I would've spent more time with yall, but I didn't and am so sorry.
the kid who maybe does not play a sport, have a 4.0+ gpa,but displays great character.
life is eternal -- believe!!!
Maybe I will have peace in death.
In my hear there always has been love.
When I hear about our young men and women who are sent off to war in the name of God and Country, and who give up their lives for no rational cause at all, my heart is crushed.
assholes.
I feel an evil inside me.
I pleaded my own case before the police judge, saved one book ("Right Marital Living") and won many encomiums from those present in court because of the uplifting character of my plea; nevertheless I was driven from the city.
please get us some medication.
it is treated like a private school.
what on earth is in me i may be breathing thanks to the support of parents and other people around me but my real self is like a lifeless doll.
I have had a wonderful life, both full and full of wonder.
Please render your verdict.
We had our future planned together.
I want it to be known that NAME had nothing to do with NAME's disappearance And neither did NAME.
After several months' preparation I have at last become certain of its possibility.
But look at it this way, it's actually what I want.
Please tell NAME, NAME, NAME and everyone I love them.
if so what everything has always been discord when i long sofor harmony.
god forgive the evil for the sake of the good.
that wo not do anything but make them hate them self.
i am sorry.
ah the fort bragg sign and that means the ocean and that means time to drop the acid not that i really need it mind you i have courage enough without chemical assistance it is just that i am scaped.
should i act in perfect amity doing it all for her own good or diabolically explode a pointless questionalready settled bv my whole past by fate i shall be a diabolical friend gaining nothing by itbut perhaps i shall have the courage.
i know how much it hurts.
Nope, that's not a setup to a joke.
For over nine years I have been fighting, singlehanded and alone, against Comstockism.
Shooting the s't.
he said the scariest part was worrying about having to decide what to do if my body kept living but i had no brain response.
our originality valid through artificial art.
I guess it starts with depression.
In my age, other engineering/law/arts students are earning enough to spend for their own & I'm still dependent on parents "just because I am a doctor."
Take care and do write something.
i want this to go away for casey!
to my family and friends i love you very much.
i have chosen to die, but i have not chosen to be forgotten.
i walk in my clothing unmarked by that voyage.
they know i am innocent and want to help.
nobody will hurt me again ever ever.
wow, what a word stupid.
i always wanted to be a writer.
If you are angry, ther is no one to be angry at but me, and I'm very sorry to put the family through this.
and i wo not be the one to destroy anyone else's hopes and dreams.
several people know about this - my doctor, dr. james r., and pete m., who works at willams.
Let me off as family, and burn the scraps of my assistance.
A few of you have seen me offer up cou n'tdowns and references to October 1st at around noon; that was my nod towards this outcome.
I didn't realize how deep a hold he had on me and my life until my first relationship.
it was a catholic hospital, and i had my own room.
But nothing I did made a dent in how depressed I was on a daily basis and nothing was in any way fulfilling.
3) to joe a. the greatest devotion - the kind that "passeth all understanding." 3a) and my life.
i do not want
But I let it slide my loyalty was different.
you are just a pussy stupid fag boy.
and my head aches so much any more my nerves are ready to break and what would happen if they did.
i am worried for her.
Now I am no longer needed.
farewell my dear friends in joy and sorrow remember two strange people who will soon embark on their great voyage of discovery.
The Sadist finds keen delight in inflicting either physical cruelty or mental humiliation upon the source of that emotion.
We graduated from middle school together.
there is no hope left.
i have not been out of the house in three years except to go to detroit to see my doctor.
Lecturer in english
when a "man" does not know where to take his wife - then she is not a wife any more -
This was done to me in PLACE because, while holding a petty position as amanuensis in the Bureau of highways, I declined right along to pay political assessments to the Quay party.
Please don't think people are always out to get you.
They torturE me a lot mentally in these few years.
The mental frustration is too unbearable.
waiting.
because i am an agnostic and believe funeral fanfare to be nonsense - i ask that it be forgotten.
I abhor this place.
when i would cry for you.
I don't really know what to say.
Sorry for not being perfect enough for you.
Mom and dad,
You don't know about any of this depression really, certainly not its magnitude.
The little guys who never knew anyone special run and play too but there is a sadness in their eyes and in their actions.
that's exactly what it did to me.
I wish I was healthy + fit and then I could make it up to you both.
call me if you can.
i will be at peace.
since then i am filled with a wondrous peace and i regard death as the final release.
tell my story fully but never think anything besides how much i love you.
There is no pressure on me by any other person and no one other than me is responsible for my death.
You know what I want and it's nothing to do with money.
The violent turmoil initiated by the United States military invasion of Iraq will beget future centuries of slaughter, if the human race lasts that long.
I just request as my last wish that Mr NAME should be punished as much as he can be, and my parents get well my fees reimbursed.
I was going to be at the end of my rope soon anyway -- despite todays visit -- when my last $5K ran out next month, but I was still pushing.
many thanks to sister fei in my life i have done nothing bad.
Our home and where , every respect (REMOVED).
it is bullying that killed me.
the most charming intelligent and important people i have known have liked me and the list of my enemies is very flattering to me.
I was never given one piece of actionable advice, ever.
dear claudia,
that is another reason why i will commit suicide.
as i smile from the bubbles of anticipation whizzing around my stomach,
Please embrace this & never question that I loved my little sister.
Lois , you keep all you need.
the real fault apart from my own lies with that agonizing disquietude with its secret smile.
Love always.
balanced there suicides sometimes meet raging at the fruit a pumped up moon leaving the inad they mistook for a kiss leaving the page of the book carelessly open something unsaid the phone off the hook and the love whatever it was an infection.
Just to clarify I (REMOVED).
i have lost my dream of the jieitai i salute the emperor.
many are happy and joyful.
Dear Lois -
I was seeking answers to benefit my healing throw counselling.
i am wondering if i will find anything in death.
No GoFundMes, no funeral, no tributes, no doing-too-much please.
His gay friends NAME and NAME also involved with him.
i told you what was coming indirectly!
if the gossips insist on something more definite and thrilling as a reason let them choose my pending appointment with the dentist or the fact that i happen to be painfully short of cash at the moment.
dear wife before this reaches you i shall be no more the weight of my misfortunes which i have brought upon myself by my criminal intercourse with mrs. d. i am not able to bear any longer and am therefore determined to quit a life that for some years has been but of little use to you or my children.
all the warnings from the punk rock 101 courses over the years, since my first introduction to the, shall we say, ethics involved with independence and the embracement of your community has proven to be very true.
if there is anything at all i believe, i believe that i can travel to the stars.
I have had one previous opportunity to serve my country in a meaningful way - at 8:05 one morning in 2002 I passed Donald Rumsfeld on Delaware Avenue and I was acutely aware that slashing his throat would spare the lives of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, of innocent people.
since the revelation of this incident you have given me kind support.
good luck."
I have not always been the best husband last I love you.
My sorrow and pain in this world are greater than I can eendur.
there was no urgency.
I long to go there too.
or disrespects their family.
lupe on the other side how could you harald fake such a great love for me and our baby when all the time you did not want us i see no other way out for me so goodbye and good luck to you.
?I am sorry that it has came to this.
Giant bugs crawling over my hands.
stay close to your dad he loves you very much.
stay strong, REBECCA needs YOU.
If the human race drives itself to extinction, God will be there for another couple million years, 'watching' as a new species rises and falls to replace us.
CAR THE ONLY REASON I WONT GET AT HIM IS CAUSE I WOULD NEED TO BE DRUGGED FACSE COURAGE BUT I'M SCARED IT MIGHT GET ME FIRST.
i am going to leave this for whoever stumbles across my bookmarks later on.
this is a demonstration of resistance to presentday japan by a person who has wriggled for twenty five years at the bottom of this society because of his korean ancestry.
try not to grieve.
i am bored with my bodily functions and my mind is going.
My minds going round in cirder.
as a result i ended up in an inpatient clinic for teenagers for about five months.
I dont know why anyone would need that but who knows.
this was the supreme almightys plan, not mine!
Bush'S religious lunacy?
i know this that they are assholes.
no fun - for anybody.
it is obvious however that i have pondered it and decided i would hurt them less dead than alive.
heaven knows my dear and excellent friend what strange feelings half sad half joyful move us in this hour as our souls rise above the world like two joyous balloonists to write to you once more for actually we had decided not to send our friends and acquaintances cards of leavetaking.
Love
1-20 yrs.
I have no Intention of letting anyone know my life story too.
also, dr. arnold w. knows about it.
I wish I could have been apart of your growing up but instead Ill have to watch from Heaven.
mallory, please take care of yourself, lee &cindy.
The sky is the limit, there is not a thing in the world you can't accomplish if you set your mind to it.
instead, i have this black bitch - bitch, if the word is not familiar to you - but at least an honest one who will mean what she says.
I am no longer constantly depressed or afraid or worried I am free.
i am sorry.
i have let everyone down and i feel as though i will never change or never improve.
i love you.
frances and courtney, i will be at your alter.
good luck to those who remain vladimir mayakovsky.
At times growing up I would feel inconsolable rage, but I never connected this to what happened until puberty.
Maa, I can only imagine how difficult It must have been give up on your career for me.
I didn't learn how to turn boredom and pains into joy.
it was always with myself i had problems.
I earnestly hope that the American public will awaken to a sense of the danger which threatens it from Comstockism, and that it will demand that Mr. NAME shall no longer be permitted to suppress works on sexology.
IT Has Won This Life.
ask daddy!
I didn't ask why it's like this handreds of times for myself.
Again, me.
You are my colleague and friend first and enquiry officer later.
I am married since 5 years, with NAME.
on a day like this everyone seeks the company of beloved ones.
on my 16th birthday, when i did not receive consent from my parents to start transitioning, i cried myself to sleep.
(yall can bury me as a girl because i know how queerphobic this country is but know that i was never comfortable with being seen as one.)
People who were weaker than me lived well.
which is something I totally admire and envy.
Even all the people I know combined don't know the whole of my life story.
I Just wish I knew the true way!!
Sometimes I feels as if I should have a punch in time clock before I walk out on stage.
you told me to be patient and endure.
This is to everybody that knew me that shared love for me this is to the ones who deeply cared for me yea some might say I took the easy way out but who's to say I wanted to live this life in the first place
please tell my story on every radio and television station and in every newspaper and magazine in the u.s. please leave immediately if you have a weak stomach or mind since i do not want to cause physical or mental distress.
This hate rages full force towards me and only me.
good luck to all.
I kept a diary and recorded all my observations and thoughts; pages 21-22 focus on that day.
i had always been sad to see you all unhappy because of mental and monetary troubles.
i do not deserve life anymore.
If so, fuck Him.
i am not weird.
I haven't touched alcohol or any other drug in over seven months (and no drugs or alcohol will be involved when I do this) and this has forced me to evaluate my life in an honest and clear way.
I believe now you are going to be a wonderful mother.
I'm able to reach the doctor and explain the difficulty.
I love you so much.
i am afraid somebody will come.
It is my fault I screwed up my own life.
there is drought.
Just remember that soal times we had together.
Not get them in trouble, even though they did trouble, I got in trouble instead.
he smiled and looked through me.
I don't want to be disrespected like you have been doing.
and i know i need to commit suicide soon.
as much as it hurts me, i cannot make it this friday.
please never be sad.
we laid it down we got tired.
we did not commit suicide we committed an act of revolutionary suicide protesting the conditions of an inhumane world.
Dad was hard.
may god have mercy on both our souls.
The Simple truth iS this: During my first deployment, I was made to participate in things, the enormity Of which iS hard to describe.
all i wanted was love.
so i am kissing my 10-year career and dreams goodbye.
Perhaps because we were not killed by a Single lunatic, but rather by hiS own system Of dehumanization, neglect, and indifference.
I get hints from different sources that any day the same enquiry will be restarted.
I needed help and they only said that I was doing everything for attention.
Chief, I did not do this but I cannot face auyone again.
for why persevere to exist if it is only to please the government.
I have been privileged to have met many supremely talented musicians and writers, most of whom were extremely generous and gracious.
why does it have to be like this?
i cannot fight it any longer.
i cannot go on spoiling you life any longer.
Individually they did not realize the pertinence of what they know, nor could they be expected to.
Help him understand how I feel when he gets my letter.
i have repeatedly said that i am not going to resign as state treasurer.
can be told in an instant,
tell ermilov that it is a pity i took down the slogan should have cursed.
And then all your bizarre sexual behavior and fantasies - bringing home Chuck Walker to seduce me with you; all your porno sites on your computer.
SO you see, not only am I better Off dead, but the world iS better without me in it ThiS iS What brought me to my actual final mission.
But NAME took it out on me.
I've always hated who I Am.
i have caused too great a burden to be placed upon them.
IS thiS what we destroy lives far
Many people will think that I should not be able to choose the time and manner of my own death.
i have been punched and spit on and called faggot, queer, loser, pussy, fag boy.
In contrast with this mass of testimony to their purity and usefulness, a paid informer, who is making his living out of entering complaints against immoral books and pictures, has lodged complaint against one of my books as "obscene, lewd, lascivious," and proposes to indict the other book later on, so as to inflict legal penalties on me a second time.
i do not know how to say this to you but i might as well now as i have nothing to lose.
From there on out I felt like I was on remote control - do it, say the word "aye-aye".
i am too much of an erratic, moody baby!
I know things jump to jump - many more things to say.
"so that's it.
there are many things i should like to write you about but i feel it is useless.
After 6 month of marriage I searched for the reason why NAME unable to make relation with me.
there are depressingly few of them out there.
Fear opposes love.
it is my most sincere wish that this bequest may be duly executed.
love
And Kevin - good ol' Kevin Michael Buchholz.
I realized that I would never be able to give her, or anyone, all of me or only me.
I cannot think straight.
we are poor but now you do not have to be tense over my marriage.
When 2013 came, it did me in.
Love always.
I am not guilty of annything but still they went ahead.
But mum was doing what was best in her knowledge.
You've really gone through a lot.
But it's not until you get some wisdom later in life that you have something to compare that to.
i have been put on medications to help the depression? the mental disorders that doctors are so quick to diagnose.
Right Marital Living, which is by far the more important book of the two, and which contains the gist of my teachings, has not yet been indicted.
On the contrary, I consider myself one of the most common humans.
i'd called them before and the people were nice, but this time the woman acted a little indignant.
Life ain't about the toughest soldiers
and i have become a monster.
Love always
i am a nuisance
you embarrassed me.
you were always always there for me when i reached out to you.
it was mostly my fault, please forgive me.
Please don't pressure her one way or the other.
I stood in the way for happiness for a lot of people and for them I did this.
do with lisa whats best i know she has been a lot of worry to mama and i am sorry.
all anyone talks about is how great they are or how great their kid is.
NAME & NAME & NAME are very greedy persons.
That's pretty easy.
The ones NAME used to buy me when I was having a bad day.
Why iSn't the president standing with those families at the state Of the union?
You are more like a child to me rather than a younger sister.
A perfect plate of carbonara (no cream!).
Dad left a long time ago, no brothers & sisters, and now here's mom making it evident that she cant be reached, that l'd never have that relationship I saw between so many friends and their parents, and that I was absolutely alone.
Please call NAME in my phone.
Important PS - I know it'll be hard, but in my car, lift out the ash tray.
and then they're gone.
i will be waiting at heaven's gates for you.
Good cops I Ask that you help change this situation that we find ourselves in by Starting from within the Force & making an impact Their.
no particular desire to get out.
a big black lady kept tickling me.
I told all the teachers, nothing, except Ms. D?NAME, she was the nicest teacher ever, she understood and did something, but it didn't last long.
i wish my friends to know that i am leaving their company in a peaceful frame of mind with some timid hopes for a depersonalized afterlife beyond due confines of space time and matter and beyond the limits of our comprehension.
all were beyond what i deserved.
when we fall to corruption,
She deserves to be allowed to explore and chose among fields.
i am food for what i am good forworms.
call the time eternity.
There is a critic within me questioning every move to the extent that I feel I should not exist anymore.
So how is it that in a case where so many facts and the entire behavior of the defendant all invite Executive clemenoy, together with the petition of over 50,000 citizens.
Lord give me strength to get through another weekend.
you have to lie on your job applications.
I know this is the coward way out but I can't take the pain any longer.
In this at least I have a measure of satisfaction, despite all the pain I have thus far had to endure.
it gets worse.
to put it simply, i feel like a girl trapped in a boy's body, and i have felt that way ever since i was 4. i never knew there was a word for that feeling, nor was it possible for a boy to become a girl, so i never told anyone and i just continued to do traditionally 'boyish' things to try to fit in.
and leave only a small tombstone near home.
fuck them.
Everything Simply comes down to passing time until I can Sleep again.
i need to be slightly numb in order to regain the enthusiasm i had as a child.
to my friends my work is done.
to whom it may concern: first, everyone understand i have nothing to do with nicole's murder.
Stay strong.
like cherry blossoms in the spring let us fall so pure and radiant.
take care.
judge muir is also noted for his medieval sentences.
NOW, to Sleep forever seems to be the most merciful thing.
In that court, Judge NAME so far forgot his oath of office (to administer justice impartially) as to hotly denounce my book as "blasphemous" (presumably because I am teaching the duty and the joy of communion with God in the marriage relation so as to render it sacramental).
and the eight balls dreadful like an outhouse in a fog looms up to charm its victim supine in the grip of grog.
my child i have left behind i commend to gods care and i pray god forgive you and as i am weary of life hope he will forgive me your husband john stracey.
Douglas Wayne Pacheco who blame me for planning Justin being born brain-dead just to hurt him.
It's no ones fault some people can't handle life but I'm done and I'm sorry.
i am sorry i continue to dissapoint you.
I'm off to see skippy, grandpa and everyone else I love up in heaven.
"if i cannot see my daughter here, i will see her from above?"
so what june 22 after learning that he will win the strega prize italys top writing award this journey looks like being my greatest triumph.
god brought you to me i now see.
For better that than to inflict my growing misery upon you for years and decades to come, dragging you down with me.
But unfortunately, I know that there is not going to be any such opportunity.
I've told different people a lot of things, but I've never told anyone about what happened to me, ever, for obvious reasons.
I joined Index Medical College in June 2016 through NEFT exam.
I am shaking and cold.
it would be 634 p.m. civilian time.
Mr. NAME, however, told me, when arresting me, that he expected to get both books indicted.
NAME wants to misappropriate Rs 1.37 crores which he owes to my wife & he was demanding Rs 4.65 crores from my father for the video.
Just know that I love you all back just the way you did because that is what friends do right?
I love you you.
It is a false concocted story by the female, who alongurth her husband had arranged a lover honeytrap to extort money from on old man.
i sit here empty inside for her.
I appreciate that.
what is a faggot someone tell me.
You did good things for me but being with you broke me down as a person NAME.
you returned my love with cheating and lies.
alice i wanted to help you paint but how could i with a broken heart.
We got once in 3-4 months and too after unexplained cutting, and that too only when any MCI inspection or IT raid occurs (just to show them that we get our stipend).
But please don't remember me for this.
Just because.
we have no immediate family or heirs.
im letting my reasons die with me, cause im afraid Of being judged for them h aha how messed up is that.
Don't forget it.
to me the school of corona del mar is not a public school.
at night i cannot sleep.
dear joan,
This is not because of bad scores in JEE mains.
i have worked i have given poetry to men i have shared the sorrows of many.
all i want now is to go to sleep and never wake up again.
i hope you will understand what i am trying to convey to you.
Yes, I should not exist because I am a self-obsessed guy.
Well, this is what I want the American public to do for me.
I never liked what alcohol did to me, but it was better than facing my existence honestly.
It's amazing to see why it hurts so much.
Where are the huge policy initiatives?
i loved, i loved, i loved to read.
father, mother, vinu, guddu, i have a huge loan which i am unable to repay, hence i am committing suicide.
HELP HER IN ANY WAY POSSIBLE.
masochism instead of sadism.
it is real scary for some of my friends - they think they are responsible.
and theres no way no way we can survive.
they never ask why build.
i would have let them shoot me.
Here you go?you look here?I am messed up now.
Please consider "Thou shalt not kill" and "As ye sow, so shall ye reap".
I have now to die; the manner of my death is of small moment to me.
my intention i wish to use my body as a torch to dissipate the darkness to waken love among men and to bring peace to viet nam.
? i do not want to give you sorrow but i am not able to live i am dying every moment.
Tolerance, giving, acceptance, forgiveness.
how can you explain [that since][72] women were not authorized to go to the frontline???
have trust.
all i wanted was you and my happiness you took both away from me.
I do not believe what I have done is okey.
There's no hope.
NAME family is innocent but you are a devil.
by the time you read these lines i will have gently ended my life on the date of this letters postmark.
and then it hit me that i could not move.
didn't get a lawyer so I could take your money and am probably going to get in trouble for texting you.
i think i feel really good now , yes i do.
Please have me cremated - no funeral
Please don't be harsh and flippant towards me.
all i know about it is what jonathan says i told him over the phone.
actually, as to move on in life after being part Of such a thing would be the mark Of a sociopath in my mind.
Since my first introduction to the, shall we say, ethics involved with independence and the embracement of your community has proven to be very true.
it took a while to get back my coordination.
Up helps define down.
faculties seem temporarily sharpened.
For example when were back stage and the lights go out and the monic roar of the crowd begins.
i do not want anyone to be disappointed.
i have always tried to be up and helpful.
I'm fortunate to eat meals most only imagine.
I found out that I cant do it on my own Megan always getting into trouble with school.
With regard to those few who crossed my path carrying the extreme and unnecessary weight of animosity: they seemed by their efforts to be punishing themselves.
i have tried everything within my power to appreciate it (and i do, god, believe me i do, but it's not enough).
I hope your doing well@i Hope You Have Amazing life you Deserve it , Not A DAY goes by where I dont think about you anD BeN, the GIRl in the news with Me was such a piece of (omit) , she hurt me over anD over, when I was already@my lowest, she was a horrible person.
if failure happens, it's something like not going to college or not getting an a in a class or on a test.
farewell our dear dear friend and be very happy it is said to be possible on earth.
She always refuses to sign my leaves then goes to HR herself to put fine on me for being on leave.
Our country slaughters Arabs, abandons New Orleaneans, and ignores the dieing environment.
peace, love, empathy.
or that i am an ugly faggot and no other faggot would fuck me.
you have told me not to have rancor against others but the fact is that the director bought jewelry art antiques and paintings from the department store.
this is better .
I have never seen a fake institution like Index.
that is all i get around here.
when i tried my hardest to make your birthday special.
i kiss my dear children and carlotta.
he cared.
you had great plans which did not include me.
You've all been good to me.
I asked why I'm living.
living in newport beach is like living in a bubble.
She always has.
Simple things that everyone else takes for granted are nearly impossible for me.
when i first met you i was driven, ambitious and disciplined.
Bless you.
listen listen listen listen a man appeals to you a man i am staking my life on this do you hear do you follow me if you do not rise with me if the jieitai will not rise the constitution will never be amended you will be just american mercenaries.
I am so sorry I am not apart of your lfie now, I was so sick and out of ways to help myself.
This man serves two masters; he is employed and paid by the Society of the Suppression of Vice, but he secures from the United States Government an appointment as postal inspector without pay; so that he is able, if he wishes, to use his official position for the furtherance of the private ends of his society and, presumably of himself.
i dreamt of our success.
no more swimming.
somewhere a violin plays as i watch my life whirl away.
Not not that I know he is just waiting for me to fall in love with him, but I never will.
And that's gone on an on throughout my life.
It iS because I love you that I can not do thiS to you.
maybe this will start a chain reaction of awakening love communication.
presence of each other at the same time subscribed our names as witnesses ? William Lewis, 11 Edinburgh Place,
All it takes is one doctor who thinks my story is interesting enough to share or a doctor who thinks it's her right or responsibility to contact the authorities and have me identify the molester (justifying her decision by telling herself that someone else might be in danger).
we can feel pain.
Which, of course, was no crime at all.
"i do not have any choice in the matter.
rebelling i have not studied for about two months.
Your Son NAME.
my only sweetheart upon mature consideration and after profound prayers to my god i have decided to take my own life and thus not allow my enemies to execute me.
thats how unbelievable this has been.
I can't take any more.
sunday 4:45 pm.
i fired it at a wall and put a bullet in it.
I hurt!
You are thinking to yourself that this is completly out of character of the MAN you know who was always positive, encouraging, & wore a smile wherever he was seen.
Enqulry Officer, Harassment Case against Muhammad Afzal, Lecturer in English, Govt M.A.O College Lahore.
Live a little everyday.
I'm so sorry for what I have done, It's okay if you two do not love me.
i have tried.
The damage that was done to my body still prevents me from using the bathroom normally, but now it's less of a physical impediment than a daily reminder of what was done to me.
i wish she was dead.
I am leaving, to much stressed out.
i have not seen anybody yet did not die.
Just this side of heaven is a place called Rainbow bridge.
i know you loved me, and i love you too, im sorry for doing this to you guys.
I love my baby dearly so we Finna see Each other again
if there is a kid out there who is alone it never hurts to sit with them or ask them how they are doing i never liked cdm.
my beloved berthe i am like a madman a frightening pain is gripping my brain.
on the psychiatric ward they give you tests for brain damage.
just pain all pain.
seems to be terrific pressure first.
but now i am so isolated that will never happen.
Kind regards,
What other words are there.
the value of a man was reduced to his immediate identity and nearest possibility.
hunnie I loved you so much!
At that moment i feel like my entire worlD enDeD.
i had everything.
some asshole painted faggot on my locker.
If someone in our society is like him please dont marry to a girl to save yourself, you people by doing so not playing only with someone emotions also with a girl and her family's life.
what i want to say is i owe all the happiness of my life to you.
Nothing helped any More any ways.
I have a good time when the shock is over.
i hope you will be "free" to take anyone any place and i am sure you will not have any trouble as to places -
I'm so sorry
and i sure in the hell do not need you to tell me.
live and play everyday like it's your last because you never know when you will be done forever.
Conservatives take a stand.
But all of this at once, for the umpteenth time in my life -- really, this is happening AGAIN?!?
i wish you had loved me like i loved you.
i was afraid that they would get down on me but they did not.
Baba, Mama ? I embarrassed you ? I had been a bad child kindly forgive me.
It is my honest belief that they were signed unread, for on the trial Miss Cookson gave testimony that directly conflicts with her later affidavit, and the District Attorney did not dare to bring any of the witnesses before the Commissioner and submit their statements to cross-examination.
so fucking what.
yet my desire to die to disappear is still bound up with her perhaps because she is so magnificently alive that if my being could blend with hers my life would have more meaning than before.
i know you do too.
i thank you for the favor you have given me just because i am from the same prefecture as you.
please, they love me too much and i need justice after my death.
I got great friends.
"'took all my pills be dead soon so bye bye every one."
All while letting a different someone else have it...someone else always around the next corner, on the other end of another text message.
i do not want any media really getting into me, trying to just send my love to all the artists who got me through my tough times and sending my respect to a few of the real ones out there.
when will sally be back?
I AM VERY HAPPY TO HAVE SEEN FOR MYSELF THE SPECIAL PERSON YOU HAVE BECOME.
I'm sorry.
i have never wanted to my family for sorrow in any way.
i am always bitchy.
have you ever thought about what you said to me?
so i tell [name removed] because i was so fucking tired of hiding every day.
As the older child, It was my responsibility to take over the earning matters and run the house, but I can't.
i, smita rohtagi, [am] compelled to commit suicide because i have been cheated in love and after marriage.
i am a better person than any one of them and i fucking know that for sure.
I thought that if I got into to a good college, or a good grad school, or lost weight, or went to the gym nearly every day for a year, or created programs that millions of people used, or spent a summer in PLACE or PLACE or published papers that I was proud of, then maybe I would feel some peace and not be constantly haunted and unhappy.
god damn assholes.
you got what you wanted.
do not be mad.
The lower left file have has investments.
You guys are the best friends anyone could ever ask for.
"please call dr.
horder."
i have not felt the excitement of listening to as well as creating music along with reading and writing for too many years now.
i am going out - and i hope it is out - nirvanha, i think the bhudaists (how do you spell bhudaists?)
i will knock on the gates of paradise with the skulls of the sons of zion.
i remember thinking, boy this man is a real jerk.
mama sisters and comrades forgive me it is not the best way i do not recommend it to others but i have no other exit.
it has made it impossible for me to enjoy the simple pleasures of life.
the loss of us, cynthia marie, the meds, i am ready.
feel good about myself -- to be able to look myself in the mirror -- I needed to produce.
never forget to treat yourself with kindness.
so i have made the only decision i can.
but since the age of seven i have become hateful toward all humans in general.
Somehow I think he had been kinda lieing to me and using Jesus' name with alterior motives.
i loved the ocean.
i have long determined that the best thing i could do was to put an end to the existence of a being whose birth was unfortunate and whose life has only been a series of pains to those persons who have hurt their health in endeavoring to promote her welfare.
i formed a sort of a 'fuck you' attitude towards my parents and came out as gay at school, thinking that maybe if i eased into coming out as trans it would be less of a shock.
i blame myself for her being gone!
you cannot - sugar coat, kid glove these people.
you have always been my soul-mate and i want you to love life and know i am always with you.
Then she stopped.
I love you both badly.
One month back he accepted that he is gay or bisexual he don't know, but I know he is gay because he never had erection when he was with me I.
it was the intention that i would die in the woods so that it would take a few days before i was possibly found.
i want to sleep but it just wo not come.
Obviously, It was beyond our scope, so we all went to "PLACE HIGH COURT".
I will miss our discussions of philosophy; well for a few hours I guess, Remember our talk the other day.
love always mommy
I've left a note in hope it's easier for people.
A sacrifice for my people, a sacrifice for the people.
Everything is a dream?everything.
I donot know who.
if youre reading this then i havent deleted it from my queue which means ive succeeded in killing myself.
i only got more christians telling me that i was selfish and wrong and that i should look to god for help.
I myself am one of these human animals.
Your brother, Uncle Tony who came to live with us, made me believe that he knew exactly what my soul was longing for ? companionship.
he said, "that's fine," and put me in a locked room with bars on the windows.
I am going as everyone will look at me with that eye even if I come clean.
The more harmful the secret, the juicier the gossip and the more likely you are to be betrayed.
no more i will drive the car.
why am i alone to be picked out i have worked hard in the matter of gift giving to outsiders.
NAME was into the absolute impression I needed it for self defense.
her grub i cannot eat.
i bought your sister presents.
if i had done this a long time ago it would have saved a lot of pain.
Such voluntary death must give us peace, if not happiness.
He helped bring me to you and keep me faced toward you when I felt like giving up.
I ame very good at faking hapiness.
The upcoming elections are not a solution - our two party system is a failure of democracy.
my loss of life is meaningless.
THE MORE YOU TRY TO FORGET ME, THE MORE HAPPY MY SOUL WILL WILL BE.
she was so close to home, why was she there?
Yours sincerely
Take care now.
i feel pricks of stinging begin to pinch my eyes as cheeks begin to burn.
Officers like Yardley who do this job with laziness and negligence.
Be safe.
there is only one answer suicide.
but the reichsmarschall of greater germany cannot allow himself to be hanged.
i call on you to quit exciting your children when all they are doing is going to a quiet rest.
it merely confirms verbal information i had been given a few days earlier.
i will sir and would any man believe i went home with a lighter heart at having found a model for the hair of the kneeling figure in alfred this is as good as anything i remember of wilkie in my early days.
i married the wrong nag-nag-nag and i lost my life."
napoleon had no such scruples and i fear the glitter of his genius rather dazzled me but had i been encouraged nothing but good would have come from me because when encouraged i paid everybody.
And again, it was me.
It's happening again?!?
Yesterday I joind the SIT.
I got a few small things done, so the day was productive.
Please save this letter and repost it if gets deleted.
to any good christian to whom this may come.
Also, thought this time, I was working - T.V.
I knew the risk of this happening and believe taking myself out of the game is the best way to move everyone as quickly as possible past all events.
as i did not consider that i could take responsibility, during the years of struggle, of contracting a marriage, i have now decided, before the closing of my earthly career, to take as my wife that girl who, after many years of faithful friendship, entered, of her own free will, the practically besieged town in order to share her destiny with me.
papa i am now going to heaven, goodbye my family i love you so much.
you are the best, you always have been.
i am a regular customer of your bank and i have taken loan for farming but since last 3 years there has been no rain hence i am totally in loss and debt.
A house where the love of music with any sort of a beat was literally beaten out of me.
Our economy is a house of cards, as hollow and fragile as our reputation around the world.
I belong to a middle class family & could not afford this much fees.
a minister scrawled this note before hanging himself in his church.
i have repeatedly said that i am not going to resign as state treasurer.
please understand that when people compare us, i vomit on the inside.
It's been a while since no one tied ropes and chains to my body.
At this point I am duty bound to be honest.
i just like to thank dad jim jones cause he was the only one to stand up for me when i need him.
enclosed find a [$150] donation towards the [suicide assistance] hotline.
dearest dear unfortunately this is the only way to make good the frightful wrong i have done you and to wipe out my abject humiliation.
I begen dating (REMOVED).
caylee marie never had a chance to grow.
we have the means to afford the best doctors hospitals and aroundtheclock home care to the end of our days but neither of us wants that kind of life.
when saturday at nine.
I wish there was a gentle way of saying this.
it is something i have to do and i'd appreciate if you could do that for me, if possible!
Hopefully this will help other soldiers.
thank you for being a positive influence on my life, and making it a little better.
you never even met my sister.
my head is horrible.
Dramatically anymore.
I have let everyone down and I feel as though I will never change or never improve.
My Daughter's Birth month is at.
i adore you.
further that rational suicide makes possible a truly ideal closing of ones life span.
A house full of hatred and intolerance, run by two people who were experts at appearing kind and warm when others were around.
though living is no newer.
i mean i have never done anything wrong.
And I know Megan had CPS coming here at the back she wrote alot of stuff down and said that she would be back on the 3rd of Jan to check on the girls and if they werent done for what she wrote down then I could lose the girls.
as i can tell by my writing & thinking i am getting very stupid.
i even think i should take her with me.
From myself.
maybe yet i will find it maybe sweet music.
cynthia marie, you have always deserved more & with me being gone you will.
he is big.
to be a froming hamoner which was witnessed by neighbours and my house was broken into twice in the same week, the police took statements from me and that was it, I told them who it was the same person who had told my daughter the if she was not here that he would kill me where he seen me.
Here I am my place of death.
whoever finds it gets the fucking thing.
we have got plenty money to give me a decent burial.
Above all NAME, I am sorry for letting you down and not continuing the fight.
Then minute after minute watch your steps closely.
Why am I having hard times.
Which is too bad, because I was still fighting.
the life of this world is just a game and an accumulation of possessions and children.
Among them many who are prominent in the national esteem, such clemenoy spould be denied?
I knew that already and It didn't work.
my mom started taking me to a therapist, but would only take me to christian therapists, (who were all very biased) so i never actually got the therapy i needed to cure me of my depression.
hi NAME and NAME).
Then you can say, "man, I was silly to think that," or in my case, "man, I was depressed.
i must end it.
And now, face to face with the greatest mystery known to man, knowning that no concealment or untruth can initigate my end.
This man and another man is responsible for selling the heroin to a (REMOVED) high school yeacher (REMOVED) that took his life.
caylee marie i miss her.
i could not make phone calls.
do not forget me when i come crying to heaven's door.
I recognize the irony of killing myself to prevent myself from killing someone else, but this decision should indicate what I'm capable of.
Both of you - closet case bi-sexuals.
i may end my life in such a way that it appears to be death from illness.
without you life is unbearable.
Most of the stuff you will hear Is true except the child porn, I WoulD never Do that, Use the pics with me anD (omit) for the funeral, that was the only time In my life where I was truly HAPPY.
i am done with life i am no good i am dead.
That is because I helped many come out of their depression and make a comeback.
I'm at peace now.
annette found out.
people are just too stupid.
NAME I never wanted anything from you but due to your abnormal sexuality you thought you think I need sex from you its wrong.
Hence It was established before the Governor's Commissioner by the testimony of Dr. Kinmouth, Dr. Woolman, Miss Jackson, Miss Waddell, and others, that my wife purchased morphine frequently and that that she foolishly used it to quiet neuralgic pain.
She just stopped.
i am tired of this life so am going over to see the other side.
furniture to george plus 1371 owe him.
i sent the duke wordsworth dear freds and marys heads to miss barrett to protect.
But I can't alone.
Dear Mom & Dad
You don't really know that for a while, until you're older.
letter to whosoever finds it dr. paul kammerer begs not to be brought home in order that his family be spared the sight.
God is great & he does justice at the end.
Love is anti-entropy.
because of NAME n NAME.
They can hurt and ruin anyone for their own purposse.
You were the cutest little guy I had ever seen and I know you will do something great with your life.
needs a tuneup.
have been and still am connected with fraternal and other organizations.
to no-one and everyone:
Only what you love brings hapiness and that is the ony thing you can excel in and I mean the real excel not the stupid 'excel' that the world think is success more and fame.
To all my friend and family
"no more games.
I am making this statement to the public because I wish to call attention to some of the salient features of Constockism, in the hope that the public may be led to put down this growing menace to the liberties of the people.
and why does fag have to mean anything bad, but i am gay not a fag and just a person like anyone else.
I am sorry I turned out to be such a waste.
I often felt detached while in a room full of my favorite people; I also felt absolutely nothing during what should have been the happiest and darkest times in my life.
"in keeping with channel 40's policy of bringing you the latest in 'blood and guts', and in living color, you are going to see another first - attempted suicide."
Then I heard voice 'Michael, Michael,' so I looked to the hallway (in the basement) and saw an older woman.
And the the way the current system is set up, it protects all cops whether good or bad, right or wrong, instead of punishing bad cops & holding them Accountable for their actions.
dusty is here.
there goes a siren.
it is purely the school.
afraid somebody will come by now.
he kept yelling ta me about why did i take the pills, why did not i do this or that.
"i am trying to watch tv but i do not know what i am watching.
I have written a book of between 450 and 500 pages upon "Marriage" in which my teachings are set forth more fully.
Madam,
I don't have a job probably I wouldn't get one.
weakened by their remarks',
If you are reading this I am no more.
i have paid my debts and no longer need to count pains i have suffered at the hands of others the misfortunes and the insults.
Be strong, be honest, always.
the longer you wait, the harder it is to transition.
Some people are just dealt bad hands in this life.
i hope you can truly believe me.
Everyone knows that there was no molestation by my father.
I can't fear to lose my family and go to jail.
the goa trip was my birthday present but even after you cheated i still spent on you.
Sorry I could not face everything any more.
i wanted to scare these people.
i need justice then only my sole [soul] will rest in peace.
i do not.
I wrote the above awhile ago, and I do feel like that much of the time.
jose' keeps calling.
please tell the children that i loved them always and that my love has never faltered.
My one and only brother came very close to understanding what I was passing through but it was too much for his young mind to comprehend.
i was at a neighbor's house and fired a gun at my head.
at present i dislike everything including myself.
I am sorry sorry lori, to have you lose 2 dads this way.I love you and your mom.
He is related to NAME because of certain recent developments & very close to the lady & her husband.
i hope that someone finds this post and i hope that my parents know that i fucked up not them.
As for place, it had to be my own house, whatever inconvenience to my surviving family.
you have truly done something special at cdm.
A random example:
this is what i am talking about now is the dispensation of judgment.
I feel I have tried everything and just can't see anything but a depressed future.
The tooter that you put on the ignition switch.
be nice to everyone, and most importantly be inclusive.
he is given full legal authority to make all decisions.
One day at a time, I was pushing through.
Maybe some will be scared enough to wake from their walking dream state - am I therefore a martyr or terrorist?
you will come to see that it iS a far better thing as one day after another passes during which yau do not have to about me or even give me a second thought.
This despite any/all every foolish & immature utterance I have demonstrated over the years.
If tomorrow history is written then it would also be said that if NAME had a son like NAME who stabbed him in the leach them.
Lord, should I feel guilty about being relieved I've sent Jeff out of my life?
In the case of my death the whole blame will be unremittingly upon NAME and NAME
I love you both, but I can't live with the pains and the guilt and the loss of everything.
please do ensure to take off the debt when i am no longer there.
do not shed tears for me.
Also NAME & NAME were hand in glove will become clear from the facts of recorded conversation of a meeting with my father at a hotel in Amritsar, the recording is there with Jalandhar police.
And now I feel relieved and more relaxed.
i took the heat new year's 1989 because that's what i was supposed to do.
when it did not happen they said it was the miracle of the floor.
god seems to be over me just leaving for a lovely voyage but it is slow first time without worry.
I have put some extra tools for you, in the toolbox, and the pieces for finishing the shade are inside the shade itself.
Just Saying"
i treated people the way i wanted to be treated.
this will solve all our problems.
Love nita
We PG students are being tortured.
the fact is, i cannot fool you, any one of you.
I don't know if my depression caused the outcome, or if the outcome built on the depression, but the result is the same.
I want Lillies lots and all different colors.
I AM sorry for the hurt -
God does not smite anybody.
Wherever I look? they have come for me and I must go.
act your (old) age.
This little book, "The Wedding Night," and its companion pamphlet, "Right Marital Living," have been circulated with approval among Social Purity women, members of the W.C.T.U., clergymen and reputable physicians; various physicians have ordered these books from me for their patients, or have sent their patients to me to procure them or to receive even fuller instruction orally; respectable married women have purchased them from me for their daughters, husbands for their wives, wives for husbands, young women for their betrothed lovers.
As I said not long since in the Boston Traveler, if the reading of impure books and the gazing upon impure pictures does debauch and corrupt and pervert the mind (and we know that it does), when we reflect that NAME has himself read perhaps more obscene books, and has gazed upon perhaps more lewd pictures than has any other one man in the United States, what are we to think of the probable state of Mr. NAME's imagination today upon sexual matters?
I'm the victim and get blamed for it all.
courteous reader to whom this melancholy affair may be made known be not too censorious before you have thoroughly surveyed the cause of my misfortune therefore look on my condition with compassion and not ridicule and believe me to be of honest parents who bestowed on me some education whereby i have carried a fair character and i bless my god honest to all men but of a sudden deprived of thought and reason am become odious to myself and of course despicable to my friends and acquaintance and as such am unworthy of any longer being upon earth yet through the merits of my blessed saviour i hope for salvation and when this unworthy body is laid waste my soul may still remain among the blessed for to the utmost of my knowledge i have wronged no body.
i have always let each of you down in more ways than i can remember.
A few more letter and it'll look like an alphabet chart.
Bambas too.
i wanted to help her in so many ways.
most of the time i stayed by myself.
I could not concentrate well.
And that's the case here.
I used to think of my failure as some mystical way of telling me that I was really meant for something meaningful.
God blesses him and the others who helped make September 11th happen.
You also know that I am working on correcting my trespasses.
From my point of view, I am opening a new door.
i have it good very good and i am grateful.
to end is to start;
I hope that someone finds this post and I hope that my parents know that I f@#$ed up not them.
i love you - cynthia marie
To NAME,
Please try to remember me as a whole human you shared memories with and not just my final act.
Thank you for being there when I needed you.
i feel we cannot go through another of those terrible times.
now, he has denied the same and he is going to marry for the second time on 27.11.2005.
we have become worse than the imagined enemy - killing civilians and calling it 'collateral damage', torturing and trampling human rights inside and outside our own borders, violating our own Constitution whenever it seems convenient, lying and stealing right and left, more concerned with sports on television and ring-tones on cell-phones than the future of the world.... half the population is taking medication because they cannot face the daily stress of living in the richest nation in the world.
(REMOVED): i love you.
No you got it all wrong; you're misunderstanding - this is the way it is!
I crave peace of mind and heart so much.
i was a "toll" while you needed me or thought you did.
You actually have the power to stop this from happening.
Honestly, I do.
I truely started.
i may need her desperately.
He would surround me and penetrate me and the more we did the more intense it became.
They are putting her in the room next to mine, and tying her up.
With all of the meditations the doctors dare give.
get the rest from the state publishing house.
She's become a religious addict, certain that the Rapture is coming any day now.
i feel i have lived long enough.
I'll make a good specimen cadaver to the future doctors of India.
woman i am glad that youre my brothers and sisters.
the future is just old age and illness and pain.
with aids as you know it is fairly downhil lwithout much any hope for a reversal.
He has not, however, produced any young person thus far who has been injured through their perusal; nor has any parent or guardian come forward who claims even the likelihood of any young persons being injured by either of these books; nor has he even vouchsafed the addresses of any of the people from whom he states he has received complaints.
PLEASE EMBRACE THIS & NEVER QUESTION THAT I LOVED MY LITTLE SISTER.
The sexual abuse I endured from Gerald Young in Mountain View Oklahoma, all the migraines an sleep deprivation he tortured me with.
Dear fellow-citizens of America, for nine long years I have faced social ostracism, poverty, and the dangers of persecution by NAME for your sakes.
I love you all and will forever live within the memories we created.
I love you.
I love you.
It's now my duty to warn you all and to make you aware of what happened.
But I will face exactly the same problems with the darkness with anyone else.
i know what i am and know what i am not.
I have depression, so I want to die.
i would always have accepted death by firing squad.
Any walking on my part brings bad shortness of breath.
the room is going around and around.
now i cannot stop crying i am so fucked up my head is so fucked up mom and dad i am sorry.
The staff pulled her quickly and said they would tie her up.
in his charity god thus spared me the bitter end.
[sentence deleted] Ive had a pretty good life and I [deleted] I've had two good partners and good friends.
ner urban credit cooperative bank sanchalak mandal and main branch manager.
I can not laugh at cry.
to asa family, sorry for disappointing all of you.
Stay strong keep your head up for carter because I have seen you @ your best and it is amazing.
i did some figuring - the weekly rate there - the amount of streptomycin for shots and inhalations plus the doctor's weekly visits would total to over $200 a week - i cannot bleed my family for any such amount of money, and that means that as soon as the money i have in my checking account runs out i would have to return home - back to the same conditions which caused me to go downhill so steadily.
and then all it takes is a little courage.
I am an a@#hole.
i am writing this kind of letter for the first time.
You will be able to deposit my royalty checks.
god bless you my son and when your time comes to go to heaven you will find your ole pappy waiting for you.
i want you all to know i am not afraid to die, only to quit living.
it's nice having money? i wanted to make money."
sorry if that's not a good enough reason for you, it's good enough for me.
I did not want to name other conspirators behind blackmail & making the video viral concerning dad.
I have now nothing in my life to look forward to.
i have been so down so god dam down i cannot get up.
Also, I've heard people take to alcohal in quiet.
nobody seems to understand, they only see people on the outside.
I have many reasons for doing this which I'll also explain.
i am so fucking tired of the shit.
Chas Schwab has [?]
am tired of people always telling me that they do not like me.
When you were in depression I baked the noise out, listened to all the things you thought I wouldn't talk to you after listening and never mentioned them again.
remember me for the laughs and the good times, the thrills we all had together.
but to those of you with depth and concern the real story will be what i hope and pray results from this morning-in the coming months and years, the development of a true justice system here in the united states.
My death will come as a surprise to most.
stay strong' i think,
And finally, NAME, darling I am sorry.
I still love writing, english, history (India, world, art, science and maths history) and they are capable of exciting me In the darkest time And, I am the athiest.
myspace was my favorite hobby.
i cannot forgive the president and the director.
This question is primarily addressing a Christian audience, but the same issues face the Muslims and the Jews: God's message is tolerance and love, not self-righteousness and hatred.
please see to it that my family is paid that.
hope you fall with the rest of us you yellow bastard.
the only way i will rest in peace is if one day transgender people are not treated the way i was, they are treated like humans, with valid feelings and human rights.
you will perhaps be sad for a time, but over time you will forget and begin to carry on.
i do not know why destiny brought us together.
dear world, i am leaving you because i am bored.
the constitution will remain forever you are finished.
I pressed.
so they took me out of public school, took away my laptop and phone, and forbid me of getting on any sort of social media, completely isolating me from my friends.
dearest, i feel certain that i am going mad again.
despite our love we were different, and that's why we mutually agreed to go our separate ways.
And every time I would crawl out of it.
None of this is anyone's fault but my own so please don't blame yourself or anyone else.
the snow will cover my footsteps a note left in the cold.
It was funny.
love - elizabeth
i went online to look up information on suicide: statistics, methods and all that stuff.
Someone who showed me just how well two people could get along and how much I could care about another human being.
i hate her.
I would get better.
not even pot helps.
The animals who were strays or were abused come to the Rainbow bridge too.
goodbye, my friend, goodbye
is it better that they kill me or i kill myself i do not fucking know.
well, get at me, love ya brother!
lilia love me.
i could hardly move i thought i was going to die any minute.
i am a future martyr.
mission statement
to get a supply i am passing city gas through concentrated sulphuric acid to delete the mercaptan odor.
i do not remember having my stomach pumped.
kurt cobainthis note should be pretty easy to understand.
i hope it is all that not here.
i am a profit at my death
Not only this, Comstockism can be used, as was the medieval Inquisition at times, to gratify private malice, as the complainant does not need to appear in court.
suicides have already betrayed the body.
I wrote mom a lot these thoughts here a couple months ago, but it went nowhere.
I love her more than
There is only one lawful excuse for the community's interfering with any one's religion or publication in America; and that is, the invasion by means of that religion or those publications, of other people's rights to life, liberty, or their pursuit of happiness.
I was broken from the inside.
the thing most feared in secret always happens.
i know that i am spoiling your life, that without me you could work.
He is a stranger to me but tell him I enjoyed his company and texts (phone lock code is XXXX).
Forgive me for judging him harshly for his weaknesses.
things were looking up for me here, but is it worth it when you constantly feel the pain of heartbreak when the person you love wants to abuse you or threatens to hit you or cheats on you telling other girls they are beautiful or throws you out of their house when you have nowhere to go and you have come to them out of love or when they lie to your face or they make you chase after them in their car.
may 8 the cadence of suffering has begun.
you made me feel so amazing at times.
Sorry, I haven't managed to finish building the roof of the shade and do the garden.
my brain pressed down by anxiety and anxious looks of my dear mary and children whom i was compelled to inform.
You need to be strong for Mom.
I refuse to spend even an hour more in jail for something I had NOTHING to do with.
the downward curve of the arc.
my will
I know you wanted me to take science and that's why I took it, to make you happy.
i have lived many years.
My last mins will be spent in deep prayer.
i stand still,
It's surprising just how many students at ( omitted ) have heard stories of me and weirdly enough still get told stories of me to this day.
The project is almost finished VASU & A56 can get it done.
First passwords and location of materials.
Stay bestfriends w your dad he needs you.
If you choose to follow a religion where, for example, devout Catholics who are trying to be good people are all going to Hell but child molesters go to Heaven (as long as they were ""saved"" at some point), that's your choice, but it's fucked up.
for driving is to stiff.
There might be same progress by now if they had not spent nearly twenty years denying the illness that I and SO many others were exposed to.
i do not know but i am not a faggot they are faggots and i am a person.
She stopped me that day but not today.
Maybe you are less happy (maybe not).
the difference between killing oneself and bringing ones life to a responsible good end is the very wal difference between pathological and rational suicide i urge each of you to begin as early as possible i hope you will work to shape your own life and to create good end to dignify it then let peace wash over you too
Please forgive me
just please get it.
With Love,
i do not think i can pass.
they spit on me.
Part of me knew that finding the right person wouldn't help, so I became interested in girls who obviously had no interest in me.
as i am not.
mom + dad: i wish you wouldve noticed.
w beddoes must have a case 50 bottles of champagne moet 1847 growth to drink my health in.
but the bottle was still in my apartment.
i cannot die without, contented and serene as i am, reconciling myself with all the world - before all others - with you, my dearest ulrike.
I'm sorry for the mess!!
I cannot tell you how sorry I am for ending my life the way I did.
Please take care of each other, have me cremated and pray to me whenever you can.
I have acted completely alone in all actions committed.
They take advantage of people looking for hope by teaching them to practice the same hatred they practice.
I was sure of it.
do you like to fuck guys fag boy.
would you note that if i commit suicide today 89-12-06 it is not for economic reasons (for i have waited until i exhausted all my financial means, even refusing jobs) but for political reasons.
I really do wish I had another option.
I love you.
tell everyone i got sick or something it does not matter i just cannot go on one day more i cannot fucking go on.
NAME asked countless ppl for help that's why i tried to be the best boyfriend ever
i am not sad.
the time is approaching when we shall consider it abhorrent to our civilization to allow a human being to die in prolonged agony which we should mercifully end in any other creature.
applause we have been so betrayed.
well here is my not so little contribution to the group.
ONLY TO COME OUT OF PRISON IN MY Ila e ho?p a broken PENNILESS & VERY MUCH ALONE WOMAN.
Abandoned by those who would take the easy route, and a liability to those who Stick it out?and thus deserve better.
i chose to ignore it, decided to trust you.
i have been practicing law in this state for thirty years.
I fear that, just as with everything else that requires the involvement Of people can not understand by virtue Of never having been there, it iS going to fall apart as careers get in the way.
you will see people land out here.
To my daughter Alice Howard I give my wearing apparel.
"if life is truly meaningless and there is no rational basis for choosing among fundamental alternatives, then all choices are equal and there is no fundamental ground for choosing life over death,''
It is a story of betrayal by a son & greedy & power hungry people, not for every moral or social reasons, but to destroy an old man & a totally innocent(me) person for personal gains.
Iam sorry, amma good bye.
i request you to take care of vaishnavi.
Can you really tell me if you yourself had this problem that you could depend on a ride evert single day of the year?
But post the investigation certain facts were re confirmed by a very noble & truthful person.
I do love you
there is never a moment to brake.
But it wrecked me.
i want someone to look at that number and say 'that's f***ed up' and fix it.
i never did anything wrong and i know ai will go to heaven.
Anyways I don't want to recollect it.
they do not know shit .
The fact of blackmail of NAME & NAME will emerge from the conversation NAME had with my father on phone while it was being tapped by Jalandhar police.
you have been entirely patient with me and incredibly good.
goodbye i love you mom and dad but i hate almost everyone else.
the only way is to give it publicity and i feel the act i am about to do will solve the problem.
And at last night he tortured me emotionally so I am unable to take breath with him And last NAME I loved you a lot and I return you took my all happiness from me.
i cannot keep on going because it should be me that is gone from this earth, not her.
we talked until she said she had other phone calls.
you will find that your world iS better without me in it.
Did you ever imagine what I was doing in my room all the time I stayed there alone?
thank you, for trying to talk and understand me.
almost everybody there was there because they ran away or they were doing a lot of drugs.
That, too, has been taken from me.
do not do this.
i do not think two people could have been happier till this terrible disease came.
behave like i just appeared and gone.
I'm not sure why.
I gave up - you're too stubborn and not emotional.
dear mother & dad,
to give some semblance of an explanation i am not a human, this is just a dream and soon i will awake.
Everybody told NAME the same thing like no or some bs that's why I did everything I did for her so she wouldn't have to ask any one but she needed love from her friends family not just me
Tell my friends not to envy me.
please do not be sad, it is for the better.
You are the most wonderful little girl.
This has been in my mind for a while now.
because i am.
Instead you did a whole tot of screaming and turned it around on me.
I am a nice person with integrity and I am more sincere and caring for people.
i do not think they even heard me and disembowelled himself.
As to this last matter.
i hurt so bad inside!
i felt hopeless, that i was just going to look like a man in drag for the rest of my life.
Have a good life.
Tell Dennis Kancler I am sorry for what has happened but I didnt do this & it will be proved - thank the mayor for having faith in me too -
i was completely alone for 5 months.
this is the best way.
i am not insane.
i am a person
I'm just a broken, miserable shell of a human being.
therefore i die although i would like to enter a firstrate university.
i was scared of getting pregnant but i gave myself completely the pain you have caused me everyday has destroyed every bit of me, destroyed my soul.
there is nothing new in dying now
yet i do not know.
I have spent the night in jail, and dropped acid during the sixties.
The Death of Me DATE
i have tried to live up to it.
so what am i supposted to do.
i want to send my love and thanks to all my friends.
He tried to keep me company when I needed someone to talk to but had only gadgets and teddy bears as my company.
No edits, no overthinking.
he married me on 20.04.2005 at preet vihar through pandit om prakash tiwari.
I think it is important that I leave you with my true feelings about you.
my dear this is to acquaint you that you are the fatal cause of this action your behavior to me has drove me distracted.
You never leave my mind, nothing else seems to matter anymore, I love you more than you can imagine.
I can't do it all but I tried lord knows I mean all y'all know if she wanted anything materialistic just somebody there anything I had her.
i feel calm and at peace and grateful that i can go to sleep painlessly.
Do not put on any false heads above your own.
i smile at them and say hello to the many faces i see,
love you.
so i ken kesey being of ahem sound mind and body do hereby leave the whole scene to faye corporation cash the works.
I wake up sweaty and furious.
Again, I love you.
many thanks to mr. tong.
it was too cold and the blood was coagulating all the time, plus my new knife is too dull.
testament.
i'll be at peace."
just my parent's disappointment and the cruelty of loneliness.
they give you ekg tests.
I love you.
what is a few short years to live in hell.
I was already some nervous around him, but he doesn't want to be my loyal brother and protector.
we walked around in gowns, smoking cigarettes and watching tv.
My position is too awful to endure and nobody realizes it.
i hope you continue to grow.
mom:
only because i love and feel sorry for people too much i guess.
hope shall meet hopeless
A honeytrap it was but it turned into a DEATH TRAP for me because I must bring the truth to light & save my family from euraricious wreaches like NAME, NAME, NAME, NAME, NAME, NAME, NAME, NAME, NAME & many others.
i have a job but i am always broke
LOVE ALWAYS
either is it any way to die.
a dying person never tells a lie.
The chest, the pag, not nearly working in my walls are? love? notes from her; feel free to read.
i wonder what it is going to be like chest filling up fast.
I followed with a second shot to the head in both cases to minimize their suffering," he added.
Other near and dear kindred for have gone to Heaven.
It's not a scar leftover, that I could overcome.
i feel so much pain all of the time i guess you could say that i am like numb.
I am of same mind, and understand what I have done is wrong.
forgive me for such a vulgar note.
and she tells everyone.
it must be one of those narcissists who only appreciate things when they are gone.
I can't help but think he used his faith to get close and stay close to me.
i am going crazy because i want to
i am getting happier now.
i need to die just undertand.
Not many one as good at languages as you.
do not think that the letter is written by my parents.
as for my signature i will leave you with a quote so that if anyone reads this they will know it's me, "cannot feel pain if your dead?
money to max and sylvia.
nobody can understand what people might be going through.
Mental.
then i fell for you, a love i thought would bring out the best in me.
For a time thiS provided a distraction, but it could not last.
i was hurt in a way that no person, no little child should be hurt.
i got hurt? bad? when i was a child.
I walked out of work and into ORGANIZATION and bought this notebook and pen a whole 10 mins ago but it feels like days.
I sincerely apologies for Any pain which I HAVE caused you in this lifetime.
i pasted this at xmas time but i think most of you that frequent this place gone home for the holidays.
Make some room up on that cloud and turn the Motown up.
I binged-watched dark TV, sometimes didnt get off the couch for days, and scoured the Internet absorbing fuel for morbid fantasies.
Then they (BNO cops) will quit Committing Criminal acts against Melanated people and the people in general.
I feel because of what happened to me, and because the staff at the school did nothing to help me (which I'll talk a bit more about later).
Everything was my fault, I was worthless.
It is too late.
theres no way to detach ourself from whats happened today.
one slip up makes a kid feel like the smallest person in the world.
may 16 now even the morning is filled with pain.
I fully expected that the public press of ADDRESS city would duly chronicle this most remarkable invasion of the rights of the people by such an abolishing of the trial by jury; but so far as I could learn, the press remained totally silent.
this way they can move on and go on with their lives.
I could've never asked a better mom.
donot no angd?
i have had a great life, great friends.
Having lost your dad this way.
it is my intention to drive to a secluded area, near my home, feed the car exhaust into the car, take some sleeping pills and use the remaining gas in the car to end my life."
why did so many people lie to me.
But the darkness always returned and built up something like a tolerance, because programming has become less and less of a refuge.
Al Qaeda and other organizations have met with me several times to discuss the option of me joining.
that will always
However I am yound, have worked my *** off and still being faced with ridicule and criticism.
and everything would have worked out.
her bare feet seem to be saying we have conte so far it is over.
my psychiatrist kept harping at me about school - was i going to stay in or drop out?
i see more people,
And then along comes Mark Starkweather.
The fact Of the matter, though, iS that any new lives saved do not replace those who were murdered.
From you.
i feel i have lived long enough.
I will be over in (a) few seconds, a little pain for greater bliss and eternal oblivion.
pps thanks for the support, not that you convinced me, but i appreciate the camaraderie.
I want to thank all my family and Friends that stood by me their difficult time.
The woman NAME & her husband has joined the consperators to shield themselvess from the social consequences of the viral video & to share the spoils with my brother.
I can never thank you eneough.
no one had anything to do with this.
Does life have any meaning where one no longer has anything to look forward to, but is continuously dealing with psychological torture?
pros or cons, did not weigh them, but i am sure you'll let me know your view.
Cherries in July.
He is a stranger to me but tell him I enjoyed his company and texts.
this is my decision and i am the only one responsible for this.
i could not write or do other things with my hands.
In those days I was one who wished to make a god of myself.
i face a maximum sentence of 55 years in prison and a $300,000 fine for being innocent.
Theres so much more I would say to you, but please understand that I have to do this.
fear is the only separation between you and i!
we who are about to die salute you.
i just want to get out of here and go to sleep and just be left alone.
I'm sure you will use it against me but I wanted to say this Thursday.
starting a week before the overdose i do not remember anything at all.
Although I am natural with english.
there was no intent to benefit any individual or specific group.
After I entered, I found out that the centre itself was wrong, the one which I had reached SARVODAY BAL VIDYALAY, PLACE.
I want to be creamaled but some of my ashes set free in an open area-the country-a beautiful landscaped area.
this way i am remembered the way i want to be remembered and my friends can go on with their lives and perhaps the dollars saved in not having to drag my survival out to the end can perhaps be better spent or applied to finding a cure for this disease so my friends may not have to go through what i have.
as only a couple responded.
Tell me, Lord, does she need me there?
why did all of this happen my head is just so fucked up i am sad always.
i need you to know that you have always been my favourite, my number one.
i am embarrassed to start this - but thank you for understanding and having changed my life - even though you changed it i still am lost - i mean i cannot get myself together - i think it is because everything is pulling against my concentration- everything one does or lives is impossible almost.
The Social media & the media & the blackmailers & enemies will have to slaughter my entire family to stop this fight for justice, punishment for the guilt of only falling into honeytrap.
As they acted out the misery of their lives it is now difficult to feel anything other than pity for them.
I've turned over the words in my head for a little over a week now and I'm still not sure how to find that balance between 'TL;DRtt and here's why I put a 00 buckshot shell into the roof of my mouth.
"all fled--all done, so lift me on the pyre;
the feast is over, and the lamps expire."
Please move on and be happy.
Salute To officer OFFICER NAME NAME, officer NAME NAME Fellow MARINE & ex - cop NAME NAME Retired Captain NAME NAME, former police chief NAME NAME, OFFICER NAME NAME.
things just seemed to go too wrong too many times.
subject: my last wish is to waive-off my loan taken from your bank.
I couldn't take it this time.
The hate that rages within me, rages not for those I love so dearly or those who have crossed my path.
there should be room for a stupid man like me too.
feel fine when will it be over.
i love you all and will forever live within the memories we created.
adieu a kiss from me who am writing this to muller tell him to think of me now and then and to remain a valiant warrior of god against the diabolical madness that holds the world enchained.
if we had a problem, it's because i loved her so much.
i know that i am spoiling your life that without me you could work.
I'm on my way to the Fremont Bridge and I am carring a heavy load - 10,000 pages of Federal regulations that I helped to pass.
He has brought a mighty nation to its knees!
VA DENIED MY CLAIM.
You mean the world to me.
You never knew what hit me the minute I left to go home alone.
during my lifetime i think my one fault was deception.
SIMPLY ? I LOVE YOU.
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck asshole.
Perhaps it may be that in my death more than in my life, the American people may be shocked into investigating the dreadful state of affairs which permits that unctuous sexual hypocrite, Anthony Comstock, to wax fat and arrogant, and to trample upon the liberties of the people, invading, in my own case, both my right to freedom of religion and to freedom of the press.
I?d enjoyed every conceivable advantage a human might hope for and lived a rich, rewarding life of which I am, I confess, quite proud.
All the time spent with you is a good memory and your company, cherished.
iS not a sufficient reason to carry on.
behind that olympian contentment lay my impotence and my refusal to become involved now in my own way i have gone down into the abyss i contemplate my impotence i feel it in my bones and i am caught in a political rsponsibility that is crushing me.
driving along check tile abyss at my left like i am shopping for estate prospects.
you are such an ugly fag boy no faggot would even fuck an uglyfagg boiy like you.
You three were always my support system in every tough situation.
i only hope this has done the job.
the second time was a couple of years ago.
I thank you for the weeks you've given me, but I hate that I met you at this time and that this is what live brought onto you.
so, good bye my love.
it is not worth living.
now, i am leaving this world.
why did i deserve this pain?
The closer we got, the more intensely I'd feel the darkness, like some evil mirror of my emotions.
I never took any drug or alcohal in past and right now also I am NOT under any drug intoxication.
That she is been iffy about us for years.
Remember me with love in your hearts.
To Whom It NAME,
like all long term relationships we had a few downs and ups.
Our so-called leaders are the real terrorists in the world today, responsible for more deaths than Osama bin Laden.
it is just that i am afraid of you both at times, but i love you both very much.
i have come to believe that my life has all been meaningless.
i do not want to belabor knocking the press but i cannot believe what is being said.
for seven years life has brought me no joy and being totally blas?, i have decided to put an end to those viragos.
Hey big guy!
It was never just the two of us, it was always the three of us: her, me and the darkness.
Anyways, don't do the manipulating stuff with NAME.
To Dennis Kancler
wafa nour e. set off a suitcase full of explosives at an israeli check.
I Suppose I will write for some time then turn the car back on roll down the windows and sleep close my eyes fall asleep and never wake back up.
Dear MoM, DaD, NAME, NAME:
You were the one.
i do not know how to apologize to my mother.
To my Laurie and [?]
her letter.
they have noticed me!'
we can die.
highly recommended, as is "magic mountain," also by t. mann.
To the rest of the world we are cowards - demanding Iraq to disarm, and after they comply, we attack with remote-control high-tech video-game weapons.
but i am not i am just like anyone else.
The gun used was a Bretta, from a fellow student.
Smoking cigarettes.
Thank you,
Its ok don't be sad.
I couldn't do that to myself.
Also he may find pleasure in gloating over the possibilities to others.
self awareness is everything.
my life has been nothing but a battle for the last four months.
"i am done with that.
time to go.
no more to come."
i hate them for whant they did and most of all [name removed] because she started it all.
my mothers incessant but miserable efforts.
I love my wife so much, my bids even more & my mother & father most.
So I am just going to give up and let Brenda have them and then I am moving on I'll leave the trailer and all the stuff in it.
Then I was told by Me Amolkar that Mr. NAME (chairman) has ordered management to put Due of Rs 1,35,000/- per year per student who have paid per 8,55,000/- fees which adds upto Rs 4,05,000/- per student.
A coalition system which includes a Green Party would be an obvious better approach than our winner-take-all system.
Later in the evening the nurses talk to me.
i took upon myself much trouble just for my company.
I have tried over and over to come to terms with the way he feels about me - that being that his love for me goes beyond Christian comraderie, or brotherly love.
even then i have nothing against life.
It could not be helped.
This time, it was really bad.
ask cara.
after three and one half years i find i can no longer go on with this pain and agony.
i figure i could do no good for him than myself an unemployed salesman drove to a local hospital and committed suicide near the main door.
I want lillies lots and all different colors.
Surely, Mr. NAME's idea of the nature of the marriage relation must be singularly impure, when he ventures to pretend that it should not be known of as to its details by young people who are sufficiently mature to be seeking for enlightenment!
but it is impossible to go through it again.
i had a bottle of coricidin from a wisdom tooth operation.
i know some of you truly cared for me, loved me and treated me very well.
i am not even afraid of dying.
i have regarded you as a god.
home with god
my dearest daughter, vaishnavi,
What had to happen has happened.
But, just please I loved you guys too.
Damn those coyotes.
my mind was never more clear.
jose,
Take care of my mom.
And to NAME you are gonna be great to man.
But I make the decision not to.
So technically we are exactly the same.
As for my signature I will leave you with a quote so that if anyone reads this they will know it's me, "Can't feel pain if your dead?
That's all I have to say is that I fuckin you guys.
You are the best.
the deceased especially hate that.
Heartt pounding fast, hands shaking got sick to my stomach before I left Work.
No one In the world knows the whole of my life story.
Mom, I had to do this because I was lonely.
The times where were goofy.
life was too great a bore on one peg and that a bad one.
no one thing is responsible for this and no one person except myself.
They are honorable people.
Maybe it's true that anyone who does this is insane by definition, but I can at least explain my reasoning.
Then came the last straw that broke the camel's back.
Goodbye, I'm killing myself.
I too love God and Country, and feel called upon to serve.
if i had a suicidal friend now i'd ask them, "why do not you have any alternatives?
Reading a life of Empedocles, I felt how old is this desire to make a god of oneself.
im sorry i wont get to see you be a mother, get your phd, im sorry well never drink together.
and Tan Too.
I know my parents honestly believe the crap they believe in.
Here I am with all my freedoms and liberties taken away from me; the right to breathe is all I seem to have been left with.
no no fuck this world and everyone but i dnot mean you ilove you mom and dad and i do have some friends and not many but most everyone is a stupid asshole and i hope that they get sick and die.
Love
then he laughed.
My aim is to warn other people (students mostly but also parents) about what happened because I'm worried if they could do it to me they could do it to other kids like me, or at least try to.
if we had a problem it is because i loved her so much.
Gud bye all my friend's please help my family in bad time.
The home lesson teacher you brought so much reminded me of Uncle NAME and, on several occasions, I felt like grabbing him and making him fill the gap that NAME's absence created in me.
My only fear at this point is messing something up and surviving.
ive always adored you.
I messed up once and took someone on a date but that's all i did
Love Always,
but it would not be a deterrent because every public official who knows me knows that i am innocent; it would not be a legitimate punishment because i have done nothing wrong.
besides i have no moral obligation to submit to the justice of my enemies.
treatments are doing no good.
if god will not come to me i am going to go to god.
As a sort of springboard I, as Kleist and Racine had done, thought of some company, for instance, a lover or friend, but, having soon grown confident of myself, I decided to go ahead alone.
live fast live well die handsomely.
I don't want anyone to do especially that especially dad.
I made the conscious decision to this.
i am deeply grateful for all your kindness.
Please give anything I own to NAME and NAME.
To those of you who have shown me love, thank you for putting up with all my shittiness and moodiness and arbitrariness.
Being around him now is going to make me very uncomfortable.
But all It would have caused was an argument where I would finally submit and accept defeat.
the sadness will last forever.
Be careful.
i have always received the esteem of my fellow men.
do not worry, it's not loaded.
i walk quickly away from the chanting and laughing,
I'll be honest, I don't know what to say here.
Relationships didn't work.
This should be considered as my last non nuncupative statement.
if you be quiet music and crying.
my personal stuff this address book should have what you need -
i never met anyone with karthik i just wanted you to feel how you make me feel constantly.
i am sorry i cannot name every one of you, especially a.c. man, thanks for being in my life.
You and dad could not decipher what I was going through and maybe I should not blame you for that.
the survival of the fittest.
i am going to leave you forever because i am too sick to go on.
I've tried to deal with this every day for the last 23 years and I just can't fucking take it anymore.
I love you dad
I'm so sorry.
march 23 love is truly the great manifesto the urge to be to count for something and if death must come to die valiantly with acclamation in short to remain a memory.
He had a son like NAME also who stood with him till his last.
i said i see a quarters rent in thy face but none from me.
She was so loving and kind to me and gave me everything I could have asked for under the circumstances.
Let's not forget the "Justice System" and their vow "To Serve and Protect".
it will compensate us for what we both lost through my work in the service of my people.what i possess belongs - in so far as it has any value - to the party.
a writer of science, like carl sagan.
Although this question did not directly arise before Judge Thomas, yet, from the paragraph which I read from my book, and which I was permitted to read only without explanation, it must have been evident that the book contained a religious propaganda, and that, indeed, the religious teaching was the foremost matter, the physical teachings being only subservient thereto.
as though I was still here for you.
My Mom and Dad my FAMILY and all five of my kids and Nine grandchildren two in tummies and many more to come each of you or a total gift from GOD.
I LOVE You somuch.
It had to be someone, you know.
In these years I was Just a wife tag for him.
some place that hope runs out because everybody dies.
I am sorry mummy, NAME, NAME.
After he stole certain Registration Deeds & obtained loans amounting to crores of rupees from ADDRESS, papa lodged complain to leaub that signatures of his wife & his own signatures had been forged to obtain the loans.
my check for 175 in the suitcase in the closet at home may help pay my burial expenses.
my last word to you is the same that i have said during all these long sad yearslove.
If you're crying (w/ discussion) it means nothing - It's just an emotional breakthrough - you'll get over it - I don't have to concern myself.
please understand and neverstop loving me.
cannot i tell anyone.
thank god they are well - with my passing all menace to their wellbeing will have disappeared.
Having to get married to save family name.
stimmung, at potsdam, on the morning of my death.
i sat from two till five staring at my picture like an idiot.
But it's true.
i am very happy now.
What an end to a life in which I tried always to do my best.
i do not want the cheryl crow nude pic.
It always seems as if I have been forced to turn to you and you alone.I have no friends now and my best friend and confidant is out of my life again.
FAREWELL
the act of taking my own life is not something i am doing without a lot of thought.
if i do not succeed dying to the knife i will blow all the shit out of my skull.
I love you.
I don't know any other existence.
in every field, in studies, in streets, in politics, and in dying and living.
I remember seary one B'vil pechup truck with cab piching it up one having it was stolen.
either is it any way to die.
But the entire Genpact will know about it, hence I do not have the courage to face anyone.
Remember the people who did this to me were school students at (omitted), it's hard to believe, I know.
My dogs and I are going to foster these little guys who never had a special person in their life.
You went from high school to jobs to college to law school to job to boyfriend to husband to baby.
to those of you who are shallow the events of this morning will be that story.
I am tired of people always telling me that they do not like me.
Love you Always.
Today I want to let you know how much I love you.
This is to let everyone know (specially the police) that I am committing suicide.
That means we probably don't know each other anymore, and I owe everyone an explanation.
#NAME?
I do not know what else to write.
trying to convince people that i was ok was the hardest thing.
They did it constantly until I went into a fight with NAME and everyone stopped except NAME? he was angry.
They hurt me.
as i leave, you'll be in my thoughts.
As no witnesses are allowed to testify as to the effect of the book upon themselves or their young daughters or young sons, or, if physicians, upon their patients, neither judge nor jury are in a position to learn the actual facts in the case.
this is the balance sheet of an unfinished year that i will not finish.
PAIN ARTHRITUS WHEN DRIVING TOES LOCKS.
i think of my life and feel i have done most of the right things.
they tell me to leave and that i am not wanted,
i want it all to go away.
mine was you and my work.
you wont have a faggot son anymore.
Bahl love you, sweetie.
AMERICA will not survive this type of judge and jury fake news.
my vision, spinning,
I Love You all.
My myspace is my email for the username and password is FOReveR88 it Chbe could keep my pages updated and turn it into a in memory of page that would be my wishes.
After so many years - that you would recognized my need for praise, hugs, - communication without feeling there has to be a winner, support, interest in my daily occurrences.
Too late.
I LOVE GOD and I LOVE MY WIFE, who is the best WIFE in the world,My Love Forever!
I need help.
after many hours of thought and meditation i have made a decision that should not be an example to anyone else because it is unique to my situation.
and i know you will.
I love you all
I feel fre from that now.
I have dealt with many challenges in the past, including medical conditions in the form of a neurological condition that I carry, a third degree heartblock, a dermatological condition, and others, but I had a reason to fight through them.
my father grandfathers uncle aunts sisters brothers cousins c that bear the fated name i hope i leave no offspring behind to inherit it to be look sic upon coldly by the world to be shunned and frowned at by acquaintance and treated with a contumely and contempt by those you love and respect all because you are poor and fates against you.
i only hope this is fatal then i can rest and no more trouble to any one.
Since I could not kill myself through hanging, the only other options would be slow, and the G4S and Home Office officials would stop me if they could, hence my official notice to refuse medical treatment so that the process could not be legally interrupted.
cathy - do not come in.
i am so much more than this.
i wish i never told anyone i am gay, why the fuck did i do that.
from a midwest banker disturbed by having to foreclose on his friends.
Tell me I've done well.
Willes and Ada Rogers and I hereby appoint William Lewis and Christiana Gollop my executors of this my last Will
The silly where we loved for months!
Tell our pastor that I will miss his sermons and long prayers.
fuck her the bitch.
This copy is unfinished and never will be.
I direct that mourning be provided for my grandchildren Harriett, Ada and Ellen Lines, and I further direct that all
The tenth volume can never be copied and must not be made public during my lifetime.
Through meadows and hills for all our special friends so they can run and play together.
Be warned.
soak rist in cold water to numb the pain than slash leftwrist.
Start cushing in that stuff.
assholes assholes fuck fuck fuck
thank you all from the pit of my burning, nauseous stomach for your letters and concern during the past years.
I wanted to get out.
Please notice that 'conscious' and 'conscience' are related concepts.
goodbye sweets be seeing you soon.
i am sorry i had to do this here it is really more than i can stand the horror day after day at the court and in the streets.
i have never given so much of myself to someone or cared so much.
you always knew what to say, and for that i thank you.
And he did it perfectly and deeply.
Please help my parents with my funeral, your the only person I have eveR LoveD.
i am tired and no one wants me.
at night i cannot sleep.
i am sorry to the people that i love but i can not fucking take it anymore.
after a summer of having almost no friends plus the weight of having to think about college, save money for moving out, keep my grades up, go to church each week and feel like shit because everyone there is against everything i live for, i have decided i have had enough.
for me the present university is nothing.
i could of course use up the money from the sale of our furnishings and silver as well as some i put aside for the furnishing of our home - but all it put together would be like a drop ion the bucket - besides i am now convinced that my condition is too chronic and therefore a cure doubtful.
i could go into detail explaining why i feel that way, but this note is probably going to be lengthy enough as it is.
I would be angry and lost in thought and then be interrupted by someone saying ""Hi"" or making small talk, unable to understand why I seemed cold and distant.
i love you, i love you, i hope you get to see casey soon.
They have no staff or infrastructure for patients, yet they got MCI recognition just by BRIBING & threatening.
IS it any wonder then that the latest figures show 22 veterans killing themselves each day?
i am broken inside.
cynthia marie, you have always worked the hardest, given the most to me, and i have never "thanked you." 28+ years ago, you corrected me, a man who has now found his identity in life.
this will solve all our problems.
Not telling others what is right for them, but making our own choices, and accepting consequences.
you are much too ignorant and self concerned to even attempt to listen or understand, everyone knows that.
xmas is coming i cannot go on i am afraid i would break down.
the police after that there was and there will be no chance to amend the constitution.
thanks for making my life special.
the breaks were against me to the last.
assholes.
Kiss my boy for me every day.
Getting left out of the Newsom win was hard.
thanks to all for the memories.
i smile when i say her name.
i am not crazy.
i cannot deal with stuff anymore.
And everybody TALKS, but NOTHING helps.
physically emotionally - it was just to much.
I do not bleed my emotions to the public and throughout this situation you did not understand that.
That I did not have the guts to kill myself.
I am going to leave this for whoever stumbles across my bookmarks later on.
thanks for making my life special.
Thanks mum, all to you.
This is an operation done by me only.
In addition, he has deliberately lied about the matter.
it seems that some people and perhaps the majority of people would like to destroy the best thing that ever happened to the 1200 or so of us who have followed jim.
And above all, now I am free.
(phone lock code is (REMOVED). )
to thrust all that life under your tongue that all by itself becomes a passion.
NAME, my darling, I love you.
Everyone who pays taxes has blood on their hands.
I cried a lot and wasn't stable enough for the kids.
so long
thats what death is sleep i am tired of it all.
i want to keep dad company.
I never thought I would end up letting all of you down.
God does not choose the Lottery numbers, God does not make the weather, God does not endorse military actions by the self-righteous, God does not sit on a cloud listening to your prayers for prosperity.
when you grow up, you will realize my situation.
My uncles and brother who were mean to me and couldn't keep their sex hungry hands off me either.
today ganesh has beaten me badly for the first time.
I'm sorry.
my nerves are all shot and for the last year i have been in agony day and night-except when i sleep with sleeping pills-and any peace i have by day is when i am drugged by pills.
i have tried all the possibilities to get rid of this loan but the situation was bad and i could not succeed in minimizing the bank loan or the personal loan from savkar.
i loved the children dearly and could not see them suffer so much on account of me.
I was able to keep the darkness at bay for a few hours at a time by doing things that required intense concentration, but it would always come back.
How I yearn for my home, to be suspended in the delicious inertia like an inteminable sleep from which I can never be roused.
my last wish is to be cremated so nobody will grieve over my graveno one is to blame.
i am just a person.
they do not fucking know me they are all assholes.
people may laug at me for committing suicide when i have parents a wife and children.
I had so much to live for.
wellington never used evil if the good was not certain.
If this sounds a lot like pop psychology, that is my exact goal.
I've always been a scholar and did my schooling as well as graduation from reputed govt institutions (kv & GMC).
good group, best family.
i call on you to stop this if you have any respect at all.
Protect NAME from all the flying lizzard bugs of the world.
All the closeness we had and I loved was complemented by agony that I couldn't stand, from him.
Start from here...
Enough is enough.
Thanks for all the super sweet / romantic / creative / thoughtfull surprises!
Signed by the said Charlotte Elizabeth Willes the testatrix in the presence of us who in her presence and in the
cindy is a great "grammy," & will love you forever.
NAME look 8 crores from me that he wants to misppropriate & along with NAME wants to misappropriate the hotel for which they have alreaddy received 95 lacs of must amount & little balaance is left.
i am sorry but some people like me have to drive to make a living if there were work permits I would not be facing so much time if any.
you were always motivating and supporting me but now, i do not want to give any trouble to you.
I guess it was opposition with the world.
when i was 14, i learned what transgender meant and cried of happiness.
Umat lso denied that he had received complete money to transfer atleast 10% shows in my name.
Mom, I know that you and dad loved me and did everything you could to prove that to me but I was not feeling loved.
and i am not a faggot i am a person that is all.
Sorry for being weak and not showning courage but I am tired now, no strength left.
They were blackmailing me and are responsible for my death.
i am tired of trying."
kenneth halliwell if you read his diary all will be explained.k.h.
I found a fake gmail account in his laptop in which he was doing chatting with his gay friends and gay poms, gay pics, connection with gay communities and these messages were before of our marriage than I asked him than he told me sum one hacked his email.
I have seen too much of doctors and hospital in the last three months.
i ask those that believe in me to continue to extend friendship and prayer to my family, to work untiringly for the creation of a true justice system here in the united states, and to press on with the efforts to vindicate me, so that my family and their future families are not tainted by this injustice that has been perpetrated on me.
Whatever the reason, it's not real and it feels like a sham.
i am not crying anymore and i am rfeeling happy.
Yet this very literature has been all the while quietly circulating with approval among men and women of the utmost respectability and purity of life, and I have received numerous letters attesting its worth.
If you're unfamiliar with the situation, my parents are fundamentalist Christians who kicked me out of their house and cut me off financially when I was 19 because I refused to attend seven hours of church a week.
i remember watching cartoons and taking the pills one by one.
forgive me.
everyone seems so happy and i am so alone.
i should paint asshole on everyones locker before i die.
and selfish, or stupid once i am gone.
I may already be on the Organ Donor Register, but I would like to emphasize that point again; any of my organs that can be used to save someone's life should.
bobby chandler, thanks for always being there.
without you life is unbearable.
the first time i was 14, and i slashed my wrists.
It was easy to spend the night drinking and forget that I had no future to look forward to.
I am sorry.
please, if i have done anything worthwhile in my life.
I love you NAME
Your only daughter
you know i never got to say good bye.
See their doctor and live their lives.
Assuming I did not botch the task, by the time this posts I will have been dead via suicide for several hours.
while seizing for themselves those of men.
I feel like I'm trapped in a contaminated body that no amount of washing will clean.
i am so scared i want out but oh i do not know."
It changed my life forever I haven't been the same since it affected me in a way I never felt possible.
You know I have so many of my own.
my neck, sweating.
i am tired of fucking up everything.
Second...l'd met The One.
they should all be in prison, they are horrible i hate every fucking one so fuck them.
However, all these facets seem trivial to me.
i do it so it feels real.
We decide to make God-like decisions, rescuing falling sparrows, or putting the poor things out of their misery.
I am going to commit suicide and nobody is responsible for my death
but you need to know why.
my cheeks, streaming,
from him who was once an indulgent husband.
it was tough splitting for a second time, but we both knew it was for the best.
Soory I haven't managed to repay my loon.
I don't know what i'm gonna do yet - but what ever - it's on me.
bea - i have always loved you.
remember what i told you and always respect, protect and obey your mother and always remember that i love you so much.
In truth, I have already been absent far a long, long time.
Still, I cannot intellectually justify this decision, knowing how much it will hurt her.
I didn't eat that fuckin sandwich or the toilet thing either!
my letter is a copy and contains nothing absolutely nothing of a forgery.
fuck them, fuck everyone, i hate this fucking life know.
I will watch over each of you from the other side.
I can't bear the pain any longer.
I tried so hard to fight against this strong battle.
I miss you and it pains to empty the content of this bottle in my hand into my mouth but I am constrained to do it all the same.
And maybe I was getting closer to finding work?
Consider that the French people actually have a voice, because they are willing to riot when the government doesn't listen to them.
However I just wanted some days for you to call me and take me to lunch or treat me like a real daughter greet me with open arms.
Whether we are conscious of the life-force is a choice we make, every minute of every day.
I have reached out for help so many times, and yet I believe, I was turned away because of the things I did, that it is a punishment I am willing to take, for I know that being who I am has only brought myself and others pain.
I am doing this due to NAME and NAME.
My work was amazing.
i hve receved hate letters telling me to leave school telling me that faggots are not welcome and that i am a fag.
with death, shall be solved.
And this animal strength, it seems, has gradually drained out of my system, judging by the fact that I am left with little appetite for food and women.
forgive the mistakes, i had 15 minutes to write this.
I grew up in a house where love was proxied through a God I could never believe in.
And every other officer who stand up and protects and saves and upholds their oath, even if its protecting the people from the one ogf their fellow officers.
Tell Lois to have son fun, finally.
i cannot take that.
i am really sorry that i did this.
Their evidence remained unshaken, and.
They are equally responsible for my suicide alongwith NAME, NAME, NAME, NAME, NAME (Nephew of NAME Freedom & member of CKD), NAME (C.A.)
i have been framed i am the victim.
If media and authorities even feel that any wrong has been done to me then they should go deep into the fact and bring to light the truth & bare truth without prejustice.
In case of my death.
to the teachers who enjoy their job and who i felt valued, thank you.
Judge Lefkow, to her neighbors, is a church-going 'angel.'
please think of me kindly.
I have trying very hard to write the girls on my own.
he ended up on his own.
there are things that the administrators are completely blind to.
my adored berthe i see that except for you everyone is going to abandon me and yet you know in whose interest i acted.
If this hurts you, I hope that you can at least forget about me quickly.
For years I've wished that I'd be hit by a bus or die while saving a baby from drowning so my death might be more acceptable, but I was never so lucky.
i realize families have ups & downs, but we have suffered our share & then some.
i have no reason to breathe anymore.
your loving daughter
anyway here goes the writer received advice on her writing style including an admonishment to avoid contractions.
I think that I am a major disappointment to him.
mum,i could write to you for days, but i know nothing would actually make a difference to you.
i am going to die in office in an effort to? see if the shame facts, spread out in all their shame, will not burn through our civic shamelessness and set fire to american pride.
kids if there are any errors in this letter i did not proof it carefully.
I hated it there.
my will is in the bottom middle drower.
putting this much pressure on me has caused me to do what i do.
just saying"
so much pressure is put on kids to do good, and a lot of kids make mistakes.
I've been living with that problem.
any royalties on my books are to go to john mcclain my clothes and my wrist watch to my sister helen droste also my little dog robinson.
so you will be happy.
goodhearted newton i said do not put in an execution nothing of the sort he replied half hurt.
Please need and paas around let bad guys have it.
my death needs to be counted in the number of transgender people who commit suicide this year.
I tried to find out why I was in pain.
this is the very thing i want come and sit.
My Natalies, and all the people I've met though them...you're amazing.
for my part i am more tired of this wretched merciless planet the hell it holds for so many masses of beautiful people thank you for the only life i have known.
Its ok dont be sad.
but its not your fault, i promise.
Goodbye mom.
all jokes aside, i hope your son is well and all your loved ones!
I have tried to make it as easy as I could.
i cannot stand this empty feeling that i am having.
do not do this.
TO ENACT JUSTICE & punishment against bad cops b'c right now the Police force & current judical system is not doing so.
from the agony i have been through for no reason whatever i can only come to the logical conclusion that if there is a god that he is not so good as is made out.
nicole and i had a good life together.
I want to finally after 1 and 1/2 years be left alone.
There's no future here.
so why do i end up like this i cannot go on.
my decision totally.
one of the great ones is leaving this world when you want to and have nothing to live for.
i am at this place & all is getting foggy & my unity is all over the place.
Just like everyone, they will forget me, after all what am I?
i do what i have decided to do with my soul at my peace.
Thank you for everything you did for me.
much to the contrary of the lies stated about jim jones being a power hungry sadistic mean person who thought he was god ofall things i want you who reads this to know jim was the most honest loving caring concerned person whom i ever met and knew.
go after these people casey hung with prior to caylee being gone.
You're good at sports, handsome and really smart.
if something happens to me, [may] my dead body be sent to his house.
That was never going to change, and presumably she believes the state of my physical body is much less important than the state of my soul.
my father had such high expectations for me and tried to give me every opportunity to improve upon myself.
Now that I am ready, I find nature more beautiful than ever, paradoxical as this may sound.
If she wants to sell it - Great, If she wants to keep it - Great.
the guilty verdict has strengthened that resolve.
What a way to get out of the Xmas play.
HOWEVER I CANNOT LIVE THE NEW 6-8 YEAR BEHIND BAR FOR WHAT BOTH YOU HAVE COME TO REGARD AS THIS 'mODERN DAY LYNCHING?.
My Brothas I love my brothas NAME NAME yall know y'all already know what it is fa sis NAME hold that shit down don't let it hold you up they won't let me come to the funeral
i am tired of trying to be decent.
Carlyle Harris living would be a daily menace to the career of Smyth, Wellman, and others.
Up until now I have endured well.
Time is doing something weird my body too.
all my teammates over the years, reggie, you were the soul of my pro career.
i hate her hate her hater her hate her hater her she is the faggot if faggot means anything bad not me.
a neighbor lady found me and could not wake me up.
my eyes drowning in a sea of emotion.
Will I be denied??
Thank you,
"i am not sure why i am writing this.
Therefore now it thr bad cops, LAW MAKers, and justice system leader's Care About the welfare, families, Well being of their fellow good cops,
i let him down.
May God forgive me and I hope everyone else will forgive me even if they cannot understand.
This is the only way to clear me from harassment allegation.
i am proud of how i lived.
i was 15, assigned female at birth, and i identified as nonbinary(surprise mom and dad ive known i was trans since i was 13).
i cannot read.
so be patient.
i am so sorry we wont have our apartment together that we wont run to each Other in an airport or something, that i wont sing you to sleep again or snapchat you ridiculous things at S AM- you give me such happiness and i really really love you- thank you for being my QP, no matter how short our time was together.
The man is a sex pervert; he is what physicians term a Sadist--namely a person in whom the impulses of cruelty arise concurrently with the stirring of sex emotion.
we don't have any physical relation till now, which should be present in every normal marriage.
I should have never allowed this reconnection to happen.
i should have liked to finish my account of working for arthur a story which began when our paths happened to cross in 1949.
you are looked at as a loser if you do not go to college or if you get a certain gpa or test score.
Above all I want to live and not hurt myself.
My mind iS a wasteland, filled with viSions Of incredible horror, unceasing depression, and crippling anxiety, even
NO FUN!
i am going to put myself to sleep now for a bit longer than usual.
I have tried my hardest to make you proud.... You will be hurt and I apologize for that.
do not show them that you are weakened,
It breaks my heart to leave.
I had originally planned to kill myself last winter but never got around to it.
One must market it: show others its use/value.
My trust has been broken and i'm being cheated.
for one last time,
I have no proof that I am innocent.
Right now there is a unseen & concrated war within Americas police force between Good cops & Bad cops.
love lupe
Just think tho I'm gonna be fuckin famous.
I never really had any plans of leaving a note.
then they said i have have permanent brain damage.
dearest i feel certain i am going mad again.
this was probably the part of my life when i was the most depressed, and i am surprised i did not kill myself.
but as we discuss our plans to expose the warps of our legal system, people have said, 'why bother, no one cares.' 'you look foolish.' '60 minutes, 20/20, the aclu, jack anderson, and others have been publicizing cases like yours for years and it does not bother anyone.
The more I read your stupid book, the more I pray, the more I reach out to Christians for help, the more hurt and abused I get.
[First name, Second name] - my father - who cursed me from the day he first spawned me.
please think of me once in a while and marry only for love i could not do that and since i could not resist love i am going with him.
Faith is the answer to fear.
or write faggot on my locker or send me letters telling me that i should go to another shcool because i am a faggot or say they should kill me because i am an ugly faggot and they should kill me.
No one could know until I tell them.
but it was not to be - i am defeated and exhausted physically and emotionally.
war crimes, crimes against humanity.
it bothered me that when i die i might slip through the cracks and i thought well thats just the way it is.
well, i wrote this letter following my acquittal and wanted to voice how i felt and let some people whos(e) music helped me get through hard times, know that it did.
I'll be dead when I ask you to die.
on our last 3 tours, i have had a much better appreciation for all the people i have known personally, and as fans of our music, but i still cannot get over the frustration, the guilt and empathy i have for everyone.
Time is doing something weird my body too.
so [name removed] told me, why are you a faggot.
I'm not sure why I ever thought that would change anything.
Caring & concern & embracing - NOT!
i am sorry.
I have looked into the hearts of hundreds of men and women during the nine years in which I have been engaged in sex reform work, and my soul burns within me when I see how husbands and wives are suffering, and how nearly all of the suffering could be done away with, if only NAME were not hoodwinking the public into believing that sexual information in printed books must be kept away from them, so as to protect the morals of innocent youth.
ps here's hoping this encourages someone else (who would benefit from it) to take the leap.
I do consider myself a responsible individual.... How the witness statements have put me at fault boggles my mind and comes to a severe shock....
god forgive me.
yes, you deserved more & you will have freedom to enjoy what you deserve.
I don't mind if this letter is made public.
First, mom.
Please believe me I've thought about everything.
please forgive me.
but in this nation, the world's greatest democracy, there is nothing they can do to prevent me from being punished for a crime they know i did not commit.
Specifiedle Neroir , contains and methamphetamines.
let my kids live in peace from you (press).
The so-called vitality is but another name for animal strength.
Someone pulled the hair of another patient.
If you are reading this it means someone deemed you old enough to understand.
he alone knows my heartache and sorrow and love for you.
I have for them no thought of blame.
She told me she hasn't loved me like that for a long time.
no friends, no support, no love.
i, sebastien-roch nicolas de chamfort, hereby declare my wish to die a free man rather than to continue to live as a slave in a prison
I had a knife clenched in my hand, and there were no bodyguards visible; to my deep shame I hesitated, and the moment was past.
You have to experience some things to understand them, like love.
I'll never forget how much happiness she brought me in those briefs moments when I could ignore the darkness.
please laugh at me who could not be courageous enough to endure.
especially the latter part
i may kill myself within the next few days.
He also obtained stay from court against P & SB, Arr for any repayment liability & against SBI Delhi also.
I will never know what uncontaminated intimacy is like.
Both of them have broken my trust and missused me for their own benifits.
coach emme, playing baseball gave me the most joy that i ever had.
i will kill myself tomorrow unable to stand existence without the woman who had been my sole joy the only happiness in my life.
The late NAME
But now finally, in these last couple weeks, there have at least been some nibbles.
A person should be able deal with this.
i am a root of the stem of jesse (yes)
When an animal person comes to Rainbow bridge I'll ask them to take one or two of the little guys who never had a chance in life to know the love of a person or maybe even another dog to love.
Dear NAME, NAME, NAME and NAME,
can you please contact NAME and ask her to inform my mum and dad,
to everyone the fact that i die is no ones fault and please do not gossip.
i tried in my youth to enter the forces as an officer cadet, which would have allowed me possibly to get into the arsenal and precede lortie in a raid.
happy and fresh,
yukio mishimathe nation has no spiritual foundation.
There's no important reason, and you shouldn't care about my leaving this world.
I am personally convinced that if a Muslim truly believes and obeys the Koran, he will be a terrorist.""
but my heart cannot take this pain.
i do not believe in after-death stories, ghosts, or spirits.
i am sick of it all.
i wish to be buried this is my formal wish in the tomb that i have had built in the l.velles cetnetery for my dear marguerite the vault which i oven.
our married life was ideal, until two years ago when i witnessed kristy die in the hospital something snapped in me.
Azure was hard.
I arranged it overnight because of fear of losing my seat.
the sad little, sensitive, unappreciative, pisces, jesus man.
i am going to die in office in an effort to see if the shameful facts spread out in all their shame will not burn through our civic shamelessness and set fire to american pride.
i am breaking into pieces.
i see how you are with her.
You guys have always been there for me I'm just gad that I'm gonna have to go this alone.
leaving the world to be a better place."
i begin to see the crowd,
Get Jim lavis to sort it out for you.
everybody in the hospital was real nice.
10 days ago I purchased a shotgun and today, after the required California waiting period, I picked up that shotgun.
when there is nowhere to go."
farewell my friend without handshakes or words do not be sad and do not frown in sorrow in this life to die is not new but to live of course is less so.
peace love empathy kurt cobain
The darkness is with me nearly every time I wake up.
It left me feeling like there was one thing I was good for-to be in the way.
a year ago march, while i was living in michigan, i took an overdose of elavil.
Major Hruby
It is just ruining lives of patients & career of students.
Maybe without the darkness I would have been a better person, maybe not.
you must understand.
you win, i cannot take it any longer, i know you have been waiting for this to happen.
There's no faith.
do this or i will haunt you.
There might be some who say "it's a coward's way out" - that opinion is so idiotic that it requires no response.
and about bud, i want to dismiss every idea about him.
you are tense because you have to get two daughters married.
and revoke all my previous Wills by me at anytime heretofore made and declare this writing to be my last will and
It was so hard to me that you never had time for me yet protrayed us on the outside as such a happy family.
now that it is all said i feel at peace.
one man objected when i stopped on his property cannot blame him much really.
we have made many discoveries.
if not, i will figure something out.
I talk and talk; get passed from one counselor to another; see a half a dozen doctors; ask for legal help.
There should be about 2 million worth.
i am sorry to disappoint the vultures.
it is better to end it now while i can still do something.
Please accept thiS and be glad for me.
i was there about two weeks.
my decision totally.
i think that i am a major disappointment to him.
also all our friends especially irene and charles and ella i love them also.
I know the obstacles were hard and I'm sorry.
i must end it.
My dear family,
i talked to him about five minutes.
i have no choice.
This is a post that's been a long time coming.
Ending my life: These 20 years of my life has taught me enough already.
Thank you so much for that, also for letting me talk to my friend Debby in California.
This is all rediculous.
all questions unanswered,
my mind refuses to think clearly and i am not able to cope.
I'm tired of everything in this life.
I could list hundreds of other examples, but it's tiring.
Take the best care of my baby.
after I gave information and were in some meetings will some of these 5 people, I had my car times brand new stiffed on side walls so they could not be, aparrel.
I feel like I have been betrayed somehow.
but please pay that to him from that.
this is my last experiment and it is in self-destruction.
THIS DESPITE ANY/ALL/EVERY FOOLISH IMMATURE UTTERANCE ALL I HAVE DEMONSTRATED OVER THE YEAR.
i am ashamed of myself unable to grow out of childishness.
I feel so very alone, more alone than ever before.
There is no more time.
my death will be martyrdom.
kept me in a locked shower stall for 1 hour.Next sent me burnt food.
It must end here.
Our government has lost its way since our founders tried to build a structure which allowed people to practice their own beliefs, as far as it did not negatively affect others.
I was never the person I wanted to be.
This book, in manuscript form, is at present stored in a safe place, in friendly hands.
my first time of a final letter.
Any of these are things are just life though.
I don't know how to say bye bye to, NAME, I will miss her tricks on the trampolines.
I also ask the state to stop narossing my friends; NAME, and NAME.
respectfully submitted.
Drug & alcohal program, now please put yourself as close as you can to being in my shoes, no license, I'd seriously needing this drug, program which to this dots i am still alive which was and is my choice.
The Golden Gate Bridge at sunset.
Yall know how I felt about that girl
I'm sorry for the pain this causes.
"'bout time you woke up," she said.
Our aunties still surprise me .
this is slow 636 p.m. engine sounds smooth.
you are unconstitutional listen you are unconstitutional.
At other times, though, I feel less hateful.
"we had a death pact, and i have to keep my half of the bargain.
love and light to the world.
goodbye :(
i hope you never take a wrong turn like i did.
i wish to god that if i am reborn, i should be his wife although he has pained me much.
for every act there is a cause.
i miss her.
All of that Uday will bring to light.
i can write that in my blood.
i need to kill myself, no other asshole is going to kill me.
i'll see you all in the heavens awaiting you all with the same love.
please tell my story on every radio and television station and in every newspaper and magazine in the u.s. please leave immediately if you have a weak stomach or mind since i do not want to cause physical or mental distress.
After years and years of [?]
we die because you would not let us live in peace.
i sound crazy, but i think i am going crazy.
Since I was heroin addict the only place that I could get treatment was ADDRESS a place tied in which iniburtly called (REMOVED) university.
NAME didn't do anything.
This is time for me to rest.
dear pastor gerecke forgive me but i had to do it like this for political reasons.
the question of suicide and selfishness to close friends and relatives is one that i cannot answer or even give an opinion on.
But my reputation has been destroyed.
It iS nothing Short of torture.
you remember when i returned from the hospital i broke down.
not much time
None of us who dedicated ourselves to its success did.
since i am a victim of political persecution, my prison would simply be an american gulag.
PS: sorry to do this to my family & friends.
Use of a drug seemed to be perhaps the most satisfactory way.
i am like evey fuckin other person just i am gay so fucking what.
I ended up getting x-rays for my pinkie from NAME.
as a fact even people with whom i am in close contact at the hall of justice and the city hall have often mistaken me for him.
so i need to do this.
he refuses to help me.
This country is going to hell in a handbasket and there isn't even a picnic just for show.
I don't blame anyone in particular, I guess it's just how people are.
lets be dignilets be dignified.
I CAN GO ON BUT I'M OUT.
I did have dreams, just like everyone.
just listen to me what happened last year on october 21 there was a dentonstration an antiwar demonstration.
i decided i would set an exit date and prepare to meet it.
delicate line between heaven and earth?
lupe velez to harald may god forgive you and forgive me too but i prefer to take my life away and our babys before i bring him with shame or killing him.
i want to send my love and thanks to all my friends i am sorry i cannot name every one of you especially a. c. man thanks for being in my life.
You will pay--God help you--and I will make you pay!
i now i need to die but i will be fine after i am dead.
and be reunited by and by.
my darling,
i do not know what to fucking thing now.
I considered not writing any of this because of how personal it is, but I like tying up loose ends and don't want people to wonder why I did this.
on the tombstone below my dearest marguerites inscription in the same characters and the same style of writing write these words georges 29th of april 1837 30th of september 1891 aije bien pu vivre deux mois et demi sans toi
My attorney can explain what happened with the bags on Albany Ave. Everything else is a story fabricated by the law enforcement.
The fact that emerged is that they were all in connivance with my bother NAME to destroythe rest of the family particularly my father.
i cannot stand it.
i ask all of you, my dear ones, not to mourn my passing.
shoot the 1st basket!
i guess i am crying because i am sorry mom and dad but i am hppy that i will be in heaven and no more attacks.
I want my life to end.
probably this is the last day i will be able to do it myself.
I have every belief in the world you reach your goals.
FORTUNATE FORTUNATE YOU.
My childhood was amazing.
I do solemnly declare that I am innocent of the crime for which I am Condemned to die.
baseball was a daily relaxing time where i could just go out and have fun with my friends.
Nothing helped anymore anyways.
There is a lot of confusion: many people think that God is like Santa Claus, rewarding good little girls with presents and punishing bad little boys with lumps of coal; actually God functions more like the Easter Bunny, hiding surprises in plain sight.
But that's just not there.
my reasoning is what is off at times.
I will not able to stay alive in this situation...I quit
no more i will drive the car.
I learned a lot of work in 3 months which would normally take 2 years.
You don't know it, but you fixed me.
You with all better off without me.
I hurt?
Then five months into it I was cut out.
i cannot but feel angry.
It has been reported in the newspapers that during my stay here in Sing Sing I have scoffed at the devotions of my fellow-prisoners and indulged in irreverent jokes.
{heart symbol} Always [First name, Second name] DATE
My father had made a mistake, a serious undirection, a relationship that should not have happened but he has not molested her, forced her into a relationship.
My life is great at home.
You knew he would commit perjury for you just for a roof over his head and unlimited use of your car.
some people even thoughtlessly joking have remarked about the charge involving this man.
I'd rather stop breathing instead of breathe stuffy breaths when I wake up.
I will try to make it thru the night and call NAME in the morning to have [Dog Name] put down, I will take her to [?]
I'm so sorry.
in this instance the act is justified at least i believe so.
i love you so much and i could not ask for a better mum.
and i hate the pain.
more than a decade ago i concluded that suicide need not be pathological.
It's been long and brutal and full of a lot of tears and angst and it's finally coming to a close.
i am an asshole.
am haunted by the vivid memories of killings and corpses and anger and pain ... of starving or wounded children, of
i love you!
I wanted to run away.
no matter what the outcome people will look and point.
The teachers didn't do ANYTHING!
i have tried to be good to you both.
I realized the futility of the romantic part of my life.
and it occurs to me here that nobody is going to buy this prank and now it occurs to me that i like that even better.
i cant pick a favorite character in haikyuu because i loved them too much.
i dreamt of our future.
I guess it wasn't my life that became known with the world.
You two deserved so much better than what I was as a grand daughter.
i could not tell you everything that was happening.
i think about suicide on a daily basis? sometimes it's all that i can think about.
I derive no pleasure from any actiVity.
i need to go to a dr. but i am afraid.
my mother, father and my brother love me too much.
If you don't you'll regret it for the rest of your life like I do.
Thank you for all you've done for us.
I beg of you, for your own sakes, and for the future happiness of the young people who are dear to you, to protect my little book, "Right Marital Living."
oh i have the girls and family but they do not fill the vacan not spot left in my heart ?
what i want to say is i owe all the happiness in my life to you.
being rather backward-looking by nature (except for science), the feminists have always enraged me.
She hovered around, kept the perfect right at my fingertips for weeks, but just out of reach.
Some might even say that she was so strong that we could never have imagined that she would do something like this.
I wondered what it would be like to talk to other people without what happened constantly on my mind, and I wondered if other people had similar experiences that they were better able to mask.
when i first woke up i did not think there would be anything wrong with me.
i cannot knowingly allow her to be sexually abused.
i wish we could rewind.
So willing to bury lies Ralph and Kevin make up.
This letter may not make sense but it does to me.
this is not your fault.
i cannot stand the thought of frances becoming the miserable, self-destructive, death rocker that i have become.
you treated me like a child.
the job has got pressure on my mind pain on my left side.
the world i am living in now is the icily transparent universe of sickly nerves.
When I go down, My eldest son NAME will fight for his grandfather, when he is booked in some fake case, My younger son NAME will fight for my father and when he is booked in a false case my youngest son Toou will return from canada to fight for his grandfather & when he is booked in a false case my wife will fight for Father-in-law.
since i began feeling other peoples minds i have come to feel even more miserable.
I'd like to get some more sorting and discarding of material things in the store room.
I found NAME was also on his fake email account he came to ADDRESS to meet him ADDRESS and to come to his home in Delhi.
And when good caps do try and stand up, speak out & Point OUT the wrong's & criminal Acts of a bad cop They get reprimanded, harrassed, black balled, or black listed or all of these and more.
Sees everything & own for as much as you can & split it thats the least I can do for the trouble.
I will see you & Mom again someday.
It sounds pretty great.
i wish i could spare you the ordeal you have ahead.
This letter, so far as I am conscious, never attempts this.
you are the fags
And to Dadaji, sorry dadaji but I, like your son, am not the engineer kind.
67. that is 17 years past 50.
My soul cries for deliverance.
Last Saturday I was informed she donot love me.
Since I've never spoken to anyone about what happened to me, people would likely draw the wrong conclusions.
And the last thing I had to weigh was to insure perfect execution without the knowledge of my family.
the career is not even worth it anymore.
the note from a seventy two year old man
Lots of people get it.
I have seen, loved, and understood more than others.
Being molested has defined me as a person and shaped me as a human being and it has made me the monster I am and there's nothing I can do to escape it.
I pray that at this time you will continue to search for the truth for this case.
what i mean is, you always challenged me the right way , and i always could never live up to your expectations.
It's not exactly easy for me either, I'm here for you.
there was not any pain.
We humans, being human animals, do have an animal fear of death.
I am very happy to have seen for myself the special person you hav become I envy your happy-go-lucky attitude & the bounty of friendship which have constantly surrounded you throughout your life.
At first it was good, lots of friends, good grades, and great life, but I moved and went back and it was different.
for also 1-20 years.
I have thought about and attempted suicide many times in the past.
thanks for giving me the opportunity.
i know well the grass blades you mention the furniture you have placed under the sun.
my wish to commit suicide now is probably the only willful act in my life.
God is ready so am I. I def.
you have never felt so good as how that feels.
I was in pain because of myself.
I wanted to be with you both as a whole person, not a 100th.
besides that, i want you to know you have me forever like you never understood and time will reveal that i am not perfect but my love and loyalty is like you have never seen!
Stop whining.
for the last two and a half months i have struggled today i am at the edge.
I'm coming home, Dad.
because of garden at voilem Bhat I'm in tramedours.
after all the pain, the rape, the abuse, the torture i have seen previously i did not deserve this.
i have had many dreams as all young people do but thinking back i might after all just have been an odd person.
please keep going courtney, for frances.
love you!
The direction we need is a process of unification, integrating all people into a world body, respecting each individual.
there is good in all of us and i think i simply love people too much, so much that it makes me feel too fucking sad.
i cannot eat or sleep or think or function.
After four long years of battling this illness I just can't take it anymore.
I have no more nightmares or flashbacks or hallucinations.
I'm ending myself today because shattered inside.
You may wonder why I didn't just talk to a professional about this.
I an taking this step in my full conciousness.
I didn't drown; I was the water."
i ought to have been among other things a good poet.
One thing you don't know about me is that I am an extrovert who covered her in introversion and turned into a loner in her early years (5th standard).
i am so sure of that because god will take care of me.
i had a lot of problems with my memory for a while.
i wish charlotte to be buried in the dress i wear at present it has been rendered sacred by your touch.
Velish in the love and adoration from the crowd.
English was intuition.
but my being tired of eating and having sex must mean i am losing animal energy.
I was a student at (school name omitted) and I was raped by some of the students who still attend that school.
Lets see pinnalle online password is love 12 & my user ID is Felicia.
I wish I could have met you all years ago.
in a sense this legacy represents the final purpose of our lives.
it is just like cows and pigs waiting in a wooden stable to be pulled out to the slaughter house.
sometimes i feel as if i should have a punch-in time clock before i walk out on stage.
love always and forever,
once you are out of the hospital a lot of institutions wo not hire you.
He added that he would submit to the jury only the question of fact.
to harald, may god forgive you and forgive me too but i prefer to take my life away and our baby's before i bring him with shame or killing him, lupe.
He chastised me for seeking counselling.
lee, i am sorry
i do not want you to think i would kill myself over you because you are not worth any emotion at all.
i guess the thing i most wanted to say is that it does not have to be unpleasant or sad, it can be a peaceful, happy leave-taking.
I know how to kill, and I know how to do it so that there iS no pain whatsoever.
Maybe a God who operates by those rules does exist.
marguerite, thanks for the early years.
You've kept me alive.
I don't know what else to do.
I'm not able to pay this much amount.
Or show me the "true way"?
He bullied me along with NAME, NAME, NAME AND NAME.
twice i have so simply declared myself have possessed the enemy eaten the enemy have taken his craft his magic.
i would rather get myself.
that's me.
one minute I think I'm alright the next minute I feel so depressed.
i leave this place with nothing but broken dreams and empty promises.
Love always,
it is just sitnple.
grades so what and then i will work and people will call me fag i will always be a fag to them.
I thought it was easy for the doctor to blame my character or my voice.
i therefore had to wait until this day to execute my plans.
Just think I never existed.
I didn't die alone you are all sitting here with me in my heart.
Being jolted away in the cold thread by dream of a life I believed I had left behind long ago.
I have still other teachings to follow this, upon the marriage relation, later on.
So much.
I do this for the children.
the neighbors may think it's a motor backfire, but to me she will whisper - "rest - sleep."
I only wish you do not push anyone else.
All the noise in my head and the hatred in my heart, hatred for myself, is maddening.You might not understand.
And then lie about our reasons for invading.
i do not call this living.
will we hear of caesar's female legions and female galley slaves who of course took up 50% of the ranks of history, though they never existed.
My Moms way for happiness.
Will you do this one thing for me, those of you who have public influence?
It really started to become clear when he came into the picture and you took him under your wing.
thanks for letting paula help me on the picture.
i cannot go on spoiling your life any longer.
not there, not anywhere,
I love you so much, I will always love you.
what god has is better for me than all this.
love george
i cannot find the ocean end up slamming into a redwood just like i could have slamtned into a home.
I've moved house and still I'm being contacted and bullied.
and now im gone.
But okay...l get it...instead of rewarding the people who got you here, we'll use that money to start a company...wetre going to make this real: The Project Sport Family.
I am in love with a girl and I know that I am not good enough for her.
I already had a tendency to slip into depression; this one hit me hard.
islam will be victorious in the end and lead the world.
i did a valium overdose.
Tell dad and NAME that I love them.
There was no answer no matter how much I cried or screamed.
In the wardrobe there is ?100 in the pocket of the leather jacket.
and i do not know what to tell you other than i really am sorry , but i know you wo not believe me.
I was completely alone.
they tried to get me - i got them first!
not fulfilling your dream or hope i am determined to kill myself.
i never want to go to school how can i learn anyting, i cannot i do not care.
i spent christmas eve alone in this apartment hearing the laughter and joy of neighbors.
Am so sorry.
i know you have a job to do, but as a last wish, please, please, please, leave my children in peace.
so i am gay.
i am not afraid to die mom.
"i have no family and no friends, very little food, no viable job and very poor future prospects.
i hate everyone know.
this soft quiet land.
he says that i will have to suffer through it by myself.
Time and time again I have been pushed to the wall, my books have been seized and burned, and I myself have been publicly stigmatized in the press by Comstock and Comstockians as a purveyor of indecent literature.
i do not wish my pockets to be searched.
The main reason I'm doing this is because even after my baby is found, I would not be a good mother.
honey love u all mummy, pappa & bhaiya & miss u.
Left defines right.
I take same pride in that,
thank you for caring and feeding and loving me for 14 years.
please forgive me all for taking my own life so early.
she is the only thoroughly warm woman i have known.
love you
Later, don't recall positiveness; just this is the way it is.
I love you sweetie, and be good.
Smile for me.
before he turned the gun on himself he shot his wife two children and his dog.
you have been in every way all that anyone could be.
It took me a while to realize that no matter how close you are to someone or how much they claim to love you, people simply cannot keep secrets.
I cannot work and study under so much pressure, torture & loot.
dear family friends and whoever reads this,
If you ever need me look to Heaven because that is where Ill be.
I love you and have through everything.
i may look human from the outside but my inside is empty stupid dullwitted and selfisolating.
If anyone every tries this on you trust me it's worth fighting!
it simply is not fair to you or me.
i hope further and i do not insist that you have the ordinary decency - decency that is - to do so - will you see valerie through college - she is the only one about whom i am concerned as this .38 whispers in my ear.
live hit some really dark moments.
the talk made me realize the misery of human beings struggling just to live.
I guess it's not that.
may you never ever forget.
there is no winning.
forgive me.
Then also they harassed us personally as well as telephonically to take our case back.
He is a cheat, and a fraud man.
most of it is totally made up.
my body should be placed in the central resting place just above hen and never for any reason must i be placed in the highest chamber.
i worship you, that is my fault.
I am tired of f@#$ing up everything.
I also had my wield busted out with what appeared.
it was not very serious - i just had to have my stomach pumped.
Probably not!
i am just like fucking eveynie else god fuck shit.
These two should be punished for their wrong dead and malicious intentions towards me and my family.
i know you have a job to do but as a last wish please please please leave my children in peace.
The younger people who have Jesus are of ten times controlled by lust.
Then, the same government has turned around and abandoned me.
When he left our house last year I was shattered because I have grown to fill the void of your presence with his dirty deeds.
i am going to take a swim in the seine.
last may i told you that after the trial, i would give you the story of the decade.
Nothing is enough.
What did I do to deserve hit the bottom again.
AS YOU READ, THIS LETTER PROBABLY REPEATEDLY IN TIME ? RVOU.
together they grow.
I know i'm being a fool but I'm not in my right mind.
It's amazing to look at my grade sheet.
Not suicide, but a mercy killing.
And I cant say enough about my Gator crew and the people I've met through them.
I know MOST of you who personally know me are in disbelief to hear from media reports that I am suspected of committing such horrendous ACTs of violence.
I want to be free from this lifelong pain.
l've timed this note on a Hootsuite delay, and now it's live, which means I wasn't around to stop it from posting.
may the precinct get along without you.
i know what i am doing.
it is a defect that makes suicide worthwhile.
it has become truly difficult to love without getting hurt.
I am a "very dangerous woman," he adds: Mr. NAME has told him most shocking things about me--not in court, however, this paid informer being far too cute to dare to face his victim openly with any such lies.
i trusted her.
I could solve problems related to these when I didn't know what tenses are.
I just feel fundamentally broken, almost non-human.
she is the one person who could have saved me had i been savable.
from now on i cannot escape from the agony.
it hurt me so much that i waited for you for ten days and you did not bother buying me something.
no more i will wash, iron & mend any clothes.
best wishes, and fond regards,
i thank the good lord for giving me 47 years of exciting challenges, stimulating experiences, many happy occasions, and, most of all, the finest wife and children a man could ever desire.
the worst crime i can think of would be to rip people off by faking it and pretending as if i am having 100% fun.
I parked it on the east side of Stookton Dr. a couple blocks north.
i am just sorry i burden all of you the way i have.
i had spoken to his father ? but he rebuked me and got copy of my hand-writing and got written some fake letters and they are black-mailing me and for that reason, they are getting him married at the earliest.
The fact that shitty things have happened to you before make this even more unacceptable.
They will destroy everything that is mine.
please forgive me.
try to hide my suicide.
of fucking cannot.
i do not feel sorry for myself.
I deployed again, where I put a huge emphasis on saving lives.
But every time it would somehow come back.
i am tired of being tormented to hell thats what i am tired of.
i started wondering if people could trust me.
I have an allegation by two of the employees f sexual harassment and trust me I did not do anything.
this gives me satisfaction even in a life which has been a series of sufferings.
Maybe because I like pretending I have a family.
In my case the answer is simple enough: I was done, but my body wasn't.
Without fear I go now to God - your future is what you will choose today.
I want to take rest in peace.
Feel free to forget me.
There is plenty of mony far you.
you see i cannot even write this properly.
do not be sad.
i could go on & on.
is being a faggot mean you are in war i am fuck fuck fuck
this letter is written by me smita rohtagi before my death, therefore, i am putting my thumb impression.
and know about the other worlds.
On all sides, these little pamphlets have evoked from their readers commendation for their purity, their spiritual uplifting, their sound common sense in treating of healthful and happy relations between husbands and wives.
You keep up the good work man and you can do anything you want.
stop the pounding it hurts so much.
(long live his imperial majesty).
do whatever you want with the fucking thing.
he is permitted to take out everything that has a sentimental value or is necessary for the maintenance of a modest simple life, for my brothers and sisters, also above all for the mother of my wife and my faithful co-workers who are well known to him, principally my old secretaries frau winter etc.
But now, it's pretty empty.
When your integrity has been destroyed you have nothing.
I didn't, but that's how I think of heaven.
all her friends will confirm that i have been totally loving and understanding of what she has been going through.
I have come to believe that my life has all been meaningless.
all the while, some people, for them, life itself is curse.
for all the truth,
no more fun.
I tried to move on Many times, I will never feel for another lady the way i feel for you, Recently I Tried to reach out to You, You got a ResTRAINing order?
My parents have already arranged for my fees by borrowing from family & friends.
There is an idea in the minds of many that at the time of my wife's death I desired marriage with some other woman.
LOVE ALWAYS
i am never going to be happy with the way i look or sound.
People dumber than me do.
Dead, he will soon be forgotten and the affairs may go on as before.
we had some fun.
i do not have the passion anymore, and so remember, it's better to burn out than to fade away.
She is crying, she doesn't want it.
I leave this matter in the court of Allah.
i am not bothered about what i am called.
I was going to tell my lawyer that didn't want to go further with it when realized you changed lawyers and you were advised to text me.
i must be one of those narcissists only appreciate things when theyre alone.
1 to kill because she finished me off and deprive me to live my life through outrageous abuse of judicial power and decicration of the judicial office.
Professor Dr Aalia Rehman
i hope you will soon get a kind and more prosperous if not independent husband for you are worthy i tried every move but without success to put myself beyond of it debt and difficulty and live in an independendcy sic with the world but you have only to be branded with the name of dewing and its the guinea stamp to be poor and in difficulties however vigilant persevering industrious economising you may be.
How could I disturb the peace when only turmoil, destruction and deceit exists?
it is getting rather dark to write.
I believe myself to be of same Mind.
I touch my ankle.
ah, the unexplainable
i am wondering if the newspapers will decide to devote any space to me.
my last wish is to waive off my loan so that my family can live without any burden.
i do not believe that people should take their own lives without deep and thoughtful reflection over a considerable period of time.
you cops will want to know why i did it, well, just let us say that i lived 61 years too many.
so pnuch that it makes me feel too fucking sad.
my mama taught me to do unto other.
To manipulate through fear is a betrayal of trust.
i have always had excellent health but since my early childhood i have suffered from a melancholia which in the last five years has begun to show definite symptoms of manicdepressive insanity.
Life rather seems depressing.
I have been very weak and ill a long time.
The animals are happy and content except for one small thing.
Jesus said in the bible that from the ground Me came and someday to the ground we will return so the body is ment to be buried.
My father had such high expectations for me and tried to give me every opportunity to improve upon myself.
and that terrifies me to the point to where i can barely function.
i had my last meal, a quiche and an earl grey tea, which tasted great, and a walk on the beach.
It is all I have left inside.
half past ten no man should use certain evil for probable good however great the object.
all secrets of yore
it made me realize how many friends i had.
first time i ever felt without worry as if i were free.
Don't do that.
but we could grab a drink after.
Please think about it before answering, because you are asking about from atleast to be dependent on item everyday at certain times of the day.
The main reason of this was- My UPSC exam centre was SARVODAY BAL VIDYALAY, (KASERUWALA), PLACE.
i must have peace and this is the only way.
my father is honest and will return your money.
of drugs I signed a proffer with the state agreeing to give officer's the information that lead to huge arrests above.
Yall just asked for shit but when I asked in return it was I ain't got it or you know you got it.
Dear NAME,
i have thought about and attempted suicide many times in the past.
Mom, I didn't want to do this, but I was compelled by circumstances beyond my control to take the plunge.
that they did not have to watch over me, that i was not going to try it again.
i would hope that someone could help me proofread it.
They don't understand that good and decent people exist all around us, ""saved"" or not, and that evil and cruel people occupy a large percentage of their church.
all my thoughts are with you with edda and all my beloved the last beats of my hear i will mark our great and eternal love your hermann
I know you're probably too young to understand man, but always remember that NAME loves you more than anything.
I'd also like to address my family, if you can call them that.
I have jumped out of an airplane, and escaped a burning building.
she is a keeper.
i am sorry i have to leave you alone.
It wasn't coming from you at all, you probably hate me and are saying whatever is necessary.
i wish with all my heart that they might have been better rewarded - all of you, my dear ones, i ask to keep my memory alive in your hearts - to live on in the hearts of our dear ones is all that i can conceive of immortality.
it is not my friend.
I have long forgiven those who've hurt me, but I have not and cannot come to terms to forgive myself for the things I have done to myself, and the things I've done to hurt those in my life.
i am never going to have enough love to satisfy me.
That iS more veterans than children killed at sandy every Singie day.
I hated myself.
as for my will, i want 100% of the things that i legally own to be sold and the money (plus my money in the bank) to be given to trans civil rights movements and support groups, i do not give a shit which one.
a true believer knows that if he demands death he will be given a dignified life with all that it means.
Until we see each other again,
This man, NAME, who is unctuous with hypocrisy, pretends that I am placing these books in the hands of minors, even little girls and boys, with a view to the debauchment of their morals.
I know many people have it worse than I do, and maybe I'm just not a strong person, but I really did try to deal with this.
16 years is a sickness that will take my life, I cannot handle it any longer.
I beg you again to get my name and reputation at college cleared as you are a senior Professor and can influence our college administration for this.
it was on tuesday fucking tuesday i am dead soon and happy fuck i should have a partey.
that baby brought us so much joy she told me she was pregnant on my birthday
there is no one that admires jesus christ more than i do although the conventional contemporary method of worshiping him rives me a pain in the neck.
Whether committee consensus of a benevolent power that works through humans, or giant fungus under Oregon, the value of opening up to the concept of God is in coming to the realization that we are not alone, establishing a connection to the universe, the experience of finding completion.
At my age (I was forty-five this last August) confinement under the rigors of prison life would be equivalent to my death-warrant.
I am not at all afraid because every father must come to the aid of his son, which my father has already done, and every son must stand by his father which I am doing.
you will do nothing.
i love you so completely, wholeheartedly without restraint.
I'm prepared for death.
the unappreciated child from my past.
her dead body wears the smile of accomplishment the illusion ofa greek necessity flows in the scrolls of her toga.
ah the world is a strange place it seems somehow fitting that jettchen henriette and i two gloomy woebegone people who have always deplored their own coldness should have come to love each other with all our hearts and the best proof of it i feel is that we are going to die together.
i think that anyways.
i saw him ten minutes a day.
i really did not want it to come down to this but it was something that i felt i had to do.
This were, has been the worst time in my life.
She liked the shell of the man the darkness had left behind.
Never ending strands of misfortune to an extent that mentally I could not tolerate it.
Your focus came off of my son.
I learned a lot I never wanted this to happan.
please do not think about causes of my suicide and do not inquire about what i have done before death.
Sorry Mummy, I am going and I am not in a relationship with any girl.
Just a month so ago they showed on the news that they had arrested the biggest Heroin dealer in ADDRESS, white hersin from New York.
i want my life to end.
and i shant recover this time.
it is time to die.
And the poor little cowed jury could do nothing but to meekly obey the behest of this unrighteous judge, and to pass in their ballots, "Guilty of mailing the book."
my dear sister we are both going blissfully into the uncertain beyond.
PLEASE LISTEN CLOSELY, Only Three things I ask of you to do, if you love me is
i aborted our baby when it hurt me deeply.
i have been sapped of my strength.
Of course this was illegal on his part.
we might have lived happily and in credit had your conduct been like mine.
i appreciate all your work, time, effort, and never let that slip your mind!
i feel something is wrong.
please laugh at me.
all i wanted was a true friend.
You are not a human being you are a devil , who take away my life from me.
Making eye contact with people walking down the street.
this is a revolutionary a revolutionary suicide council.
Make sure God parents stay involved w / my kids.
i would like to send you letters so you can send to their information or whichever way you think best.
But in our two months you've done so much to make my head right again.
I love you NAME
my purpose is to make them understand all this trouble.
But than he started to find faults in me and my family.
this year has been so tough.
gender needs to be taught about in schools, the earlier the better.
Love JR
19 years of depression, give or take.
Look up, get up, & don't ever give up!
My body has became nothing but a cage, a source Of pain and constant problems.
they ask you a lot of silly questions.
my name was NAME and my gender neutral name was NAME.
a. is also my child.
have gone to join ken if i am that lucky."
Ned Enoch Nelson who brain-washed an innocent 20 year old, bounced me off the walls, held me hostage, chased all my friends and taught me to be an alcoholic and bar fly.
you never appreciated my love, kicked me in the face.
I love everyone and respect all that were good to me.
I'm so sorry about this.
I love you shorty always.
If they could see me sitting here in suburbia, in my comfortable home working on some musiC project
i belong in the woods and have always done so.
i was too cowardly.
their generosity, devotion, love and tact made it possible for me to accept their financial help over a long period of time.
You can never please people if you are unhappy, it seems.
i cannot.
GOD and only GOD knows the truth, nothing is the way they make it out to be.
turned out i was in the basement of a free clinic, a long room with rows of beds with all kinds of teenagers, pregnant girls, suicides, drug addicts.
they test your reflexes, your memory.
my life came to an end the moment i said my last farewell to you.
Tell both of them that I love them so much.
i am becauseit is all ending now.
This darkness followed me as I grew up.
our beliefs colored.
I failed, but I didn't care I was out and that's all I wanted.
i can never recover from my childhood loneliness.
And condolences to the good cops Their families as well.
to try further would mean many more months of bed rest - more shots and inhalations - i cannot remain at the hospital for the winter months and a prolonged stay at a rest home is out of the question.
i thought he had more problems than i did.
i am a lonely soul
I learned long ago that producing something I found useful/valuable did not mean anyone else would see it as useful/valuable.
keep hitting homeruns and do good in school.
After that I can end my life with no regrets.
Because we weren't even allowed to talk in peace.
good bye my dear dear little wife.
While the author did this in abstract terms, I will be as concrete as I can, even to the point of sounding inhuman.
i do hope i have not let people down too much.
if you can arrange a tolerable life for themthanks.
lee harvey oswald i am shocked i have waited for 2 year to be accepted.
i am tired of everyone saying how much talent i have got.
I have tried to keep a positive attitude but I can't do it any more.
Mom, your brother raped me and used me as a sex toy for three whole years.
every evening at dusk my heart constricts until night has come.
When charges of murder were first preferred against me I delivered myself at once into custody, demanding an investigation.
why do people need to do this and we did nothing.
NAME's great.
my dearest andrew,
I feel rejected by every father Ive ever had.
you have been entirely patient with me and incredibly good.
But what I see in the room next to me induces difficult flashbacks to what happened.
you know.
I'll be looking down.
i am not talking about self self destruction.
22nd. god forgive me.
My actions should be self-explanatory, and since in our self-obsessed culture words seldom match the deed, writing a mission statement would seem questionable.
It makes me avoid sleep and constantly tired, because sleeping with what feels like hours of nightmares is not restful.
ganesh today you have suspected me without any reason as no act of mine is wrong.
the ongoing stress put on at cdm has been inescapable.
good bye forever.
I just want to put an end to everything.
but she made me promise i would not try it without calling back first.
I'm giving my car back to my mom and my friends can have whatever I leave behind
This is not your fault.
I know it will be very difficult from now on but NOT impossible.
oh yeah.
You're an amazing mum, wish I'd realised that years ago.
if i stay here i will crave you and miss you.
NAME was mad at me because he believed I failed him.
i have a goddess of a wife who sweats ambition and empathy and a daughter who reminds me too much of what i used to be, full of love and joy, kissing every person she meets because everyone is good and will do her no harm.
I've been through the most messed up situations imaginable
I believed the "Family" rhetoric, that my team
Although I reached the other centre at 9.24 AM, I was denied entry.
it is out of our hand.
may 27 my happiness of 4849 is paid for in full.
These affidavits are identical as to phrase and were evidently both dictated by tho same person.
i have wanted to go out with you and dad but i was always afraid to ask for i always felt that the answer would be no.
6 palmy each at a few years sport.
i cannot live one more day.
caylee here i come
if it is possible to love in the hereafter, i will love you even after death.
i want to say that everybody knows it.
dear .....,
My mother consistently sent word of her work building an Apocalypse bunker.
I love you both dearly.
Darling NAME
It manifests itself in hours of eating or staying up for days at a time or sleeping for sixteen hours straight or week long programming binges or constantly going to the gym.
Please help Jeff understand what he did to me.
I want a side Show and some of them to be silly pictures because I have always been a bit Silly.
let my funeral be silent and smooth.
I see how it is.
my birth is my fatal accident.
i have no confidence or self esteem left, whatever talent whatever ambition you took it all away.
Popeye's of course.
I also gave some other names to them which was a total of atleast 5 people.
it is what you cost me that hurts and nothing can replace it.
everying will be fine i am happeire that i have ever been because it is all over.
To whom this may concern
i look down and walk,
i treated people the way i wanted to be treated.
If any publishers wish to publish extracts from it under the terms of my will they must stop here.
i am in love with a girl and i know that i am not good enough for her.
i never went out, i never went with anyone else.
My position is that I only get one death, I want it to be a good one.
Rest assured if possible.
I AM SO SAD.
Friends in ADDRESS, be satisfied with your own heads.
What iS really Stopping me, though, iS that I Simply am too Sick to be effective in the field anymore.
God forgive me
i am scared everyday.
If I am given the opportunity to live again I will still choose you as my mom and our family will still be my place of birth.
(REMOVED) Im sorry for everything.
good bye every one.
I just want to be left alone I cant deal with the girls and stress any more so all I want to say is I love you all and thank you for trying to help me...
i am just so afraid of tomorrow!
i'd one out and had drinks, came home and that's when i did it - about ten in the evening or so.
I was sick hunnie and I ran out of ways to help myself.
i always wanted to be a writer.
i hope that you can all find it in your heart to see it as way for me not suffering anymore and that i am finally at rest with myself, for being at rest with the guilt that constantly ate at me for so long.
why dooes everyone hate me becaus of that.
There's no real help.
Our interference completely destroyed that country, and destabilized the entire region.
REST ASSURED IF POSSIBLE I WILL WATCH OVER EACH OF YOU FROM THE OTHER SIDE.
Just couldn't take the pain anymore.
This one got in my psyche and wouldn't leave.
but i have to die now because i cannot take one more day i cannot take one more fucking day of them saying fag queer, hittng me spittin at me.
Please make sure that my brother NAME doesn't get to the point where I am now.
Notification has been brought me that Gov.
"the survival of the fittest.
I can't go on.
god believe me i do.
fuck fuck fuck fuck i just need to die.
But I'll do my best to listen and learn.
each day i get worse.
I can look extremely happy and satisfied without much effort.
There will be more coming!
i guess that they do.
I convinced myself that it wasn't the darkness at all, but rather my orientation, because this would give me control over why things didn't feel ""right"".
for her life, which will be so much happier without me.
enticing as personal immortality sounds i hope for oblivion.
Please forgive me all for taking my own life so early.
i am so glad there is a dr. kevorkian to help me.
(l)blame no person,Satan is the accuser, so blame the Devil himself.
people have always put obstacles in my way.
you are a kid now but i am leaving you considering you are a grown up kid.
i am in bad shape.
He walks all over anyone he pleases and looks back over his shoulder laughing at them.
And every time it was darker than the time before.
I JUSt wanted to be with you accepting you because I loved you very much but you never knew importance of this.
Many sane people turn away from religion, faced with the insanity of the 'true believers'.
my email is f.Sayers@hotmail.com and its password is Smilemylovel9 log on and tell Linda I am gone tell her I wish her the best of luck in life with both their dads.
My evidence was almost wholly choked off; neither my counsel nor myself was permitted to endeavor to justify the book by argument.
at times i have felt like a battered husband or boyfriend but i loved her.
my palms, clammy,
to those of you who are shallow, the events of this morning will be that story.
In witness whereof I hereunto set my hand this sixth day of May in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred
Dr. NAME of this city, in two letters to me, partially approved this book so far as to say that if all young people were to read it, a great deal of misery, suffering, and disappointment could be avoided, and that to have arrested me on account of it, as Mr. NAME has done, was ridiculous.
Thanking you
i am not a fag
Always, TLC.
I beg that those who think or speak or write of me in years to come will do so as kindly as they can, not forgetting that, when much proof of my innocence was found, it was inhumanly thrurt aside.
i am so tired and lonely.
i will be so happy in heaven.
I've tired everything within my power to appreciate it
So I am writting you to let you know that I am willing to give the girls to you before January I am giving Nancy the trailer so she has a place to live.
SURE YOU WILL NOT LIVE LONG ENOUGH TO SEE AN POSSIBLE RELEASE BOBBLE LIKELY WILL BE UNABLE TO SHOULDER THE RESPONSIBILITY OF A SISTER WHO WILL BE NOTHING BUT A MERE SHELL OF HER FORMER SELF.
such minuscule measure,
at her own desire she goes as my wife with me into death.
It wasn't your fault but I love you so much.
Flower has refused to interfere with the execution of the sentence of the lower court in my case.
Too trapped in a war to be at peace, too damaged to be at war.
I couldn't ever make up my mind as far as relationships and was always hurting both NAME and NAME, and well I was in NAME 's way... my moms way for happiness.
I Hate The Word ?Bye,? But See You Later Maybe?
He stated that there is in existence a decision of the United States Supreme Court which gives him this right.
pray for me mom.
i still have not told the two people i was most angry at - my father and my boyfriend - why i was in the hospital.
the good seers who serve our god are 1/3 to 2/3 of the evil ones in this world.
perhaps, With the meditation at the right doses, I could have bought a couple Of decent years, but even that is too much to ask fram a regime 'built upon the idea that suffering iS noble and relief iS just for the weak.
I would like to clarify that him and his family are in no way affiliated with my actions.
i was just trying to get some attention.
brother, take care of my parents and yourself.
make that clear to everyone.
I Dont know what i was thinking when I (omit) our relationship up.
The material provisions you spoiled me with could not do that.
theyre now going back to tell more lies which means more congressmen.
Even then, I let myself believe we'd just hit a rough patch, and I agreed to play the loyal chump and keep giving to it, even without pay.
But you couldn't have done all this.
Simply put - I love you.
I would have gone, long hours before you will get to read this note.
i am talking about that we have no other road.
panromantic demisexual, as of this moment, so yes dad i made out with a girl.
hisham h. killed three israeli soldiers on his suicide mission.
It is my misfortune that I have been prosecuted by libel and lnnuendo through tho columns of the press rather than by means of witnesses in court.
Good lock NAME.
NOTHING WAS EVER YOUR FAULT.
Don't actual think I've wanted anything as much.My life was great growing up, I loved it.
It was wrong of me to involve myself in her life if this were a possibility and I should have just left her alone, even though we only dated for a few months and things ended a long time ago.
And, Please will the Government of India, HRD do something about these coaching Institutes.
I refused to pay Rs 50 lacs to him & sent his messenger back empty handed.
when i was 16 i realized that my parents would never come around, and that i would have to wait until i was 18 to start any sort of transitioning treatment, which absolutely broke my heart.
Luis will provide sanity for you.
why should i bother trying anymore?
it is purely a business decision.
i was in a coma for five days.
Sometimes I'm not sure if when I do feel peace after I've made a decision is your work or the deceit of the devil.
they look shocked and surprised to see me,
Such a pereon has never been found, nor does she exist.
i just became increasingly scared that you would hurt me mentally or physically.
I said in Note - I (with uelay in sealed cover) there is so much audio recording of her leading my father on & trapping him into a relationship for money && other gains.
I know and understand how I'm making people feel but what about what I feel?
i have always tried to be up and helpful so why is this happening?
you see i cannot even write this properly.
Our timing is from 8am to 8pm with 4 time electronic punch everyday & we don't get any casual leave.
Don't recall you having or showing concern.
Name, you're gonna really be something buddy.
Parents who tell an eight year old that his grandmother is going to Hell because she's Catholic.
What cannot be used, I donate to medical science.
Beyond that, there are the host Of Physical illnesses that have Struck me down again and again, far whith they also Offer no help.
It would have happened any time, anywhere.
How many times did you tell me.
Jesus said in the bible that from the ground me came and someday to the ground we will return so the body is meant to be buried.
I feel it is the only way out of this damn.
but it's too late,
be patient.
they push me away.
I'm just going to go to sleep now and hope I never wake up.
And cherry on the top is that few days back, we were told to submit fees for 3rd year (again raised fee - 9,90,000/-) which I refused to pay.
one kills oneself because love any love reveals us in our nakedness our misery our vulnerability our nothingness.
we have been so terribly betrayed.
But she didn't stop completely.
But then they continued and I gave up.
There was anyway no point in living this life further.
It would always find me later, though, and it was always angry that I managed to escape and it made me pay.
and i shall not recover this time.
it upset my life a lot - it threw everything backwards.
how i loved you, what you meant to me.
I am afraid there isn't.
this has been like a nightmare like life in the twilight zone.
It was for you.
this time it shocked me to realize what could have happened to me.
and the police put it down.
i can just be normal like everyone else.
i felt tingly, like i might pass out any minute.
the sun is leaving the hill now so hope nothing else happens.
how do we know anyting.
The accusations from NPR are false.
You sure do have a strange way of teaching lessons.
papa i only see sadness in your face.
He didn't get anything I said any better than Kevin or Donald.
give me liberty or give me death.
my heart must be strong.
i would like my sister frances to have the piano that you have in your apartment.
you are so much younger , but you are a better person than me, you always have been.
i am entering to the timeless realm in which i can enter into any form at any time because everything that could happen or not happened i see all at once!
We were each other first everything.
i was not a girl.
don't want to leave anything a question because I think that would be even harder to handle.
i told them i had taken the pills.
do not feel resentment toward anyone.
I know I chose the darker of the two paths, but I was just a burden anyways.
i have lost the ocean again.
i have lied repeatedly about small things but unfortunately i forget what these small things were.
i did not think of my body at needle point.
peace and love, o.j.
i feel like i can help now.
you made me feel alone and vulnerable.
they are there like me,
And it led to what happened today.
and thank you for accusing me of being annorexic, for years.
it is simply my fault.
You're reading this.
also it would consume a substantial part of our money which through our will and through the mission work of our church is destined to help many young people throughout the world who may one day be able to help many more.
i have been hospitalized for attempts before.
i did not want you to worry about me.
i feel dead inside.
thank you for standing beside me.
am really happy with my death.
And that may seem straightforward, but it isn't.
On the 17th day of June 1893 probate of this Will was granted to William Lewis and Christiana Gollop (wife of
I'm tired, discouraged and unhappy.
my father is it.
business - orders & expectations from everyone.
i had not had intercourse in two years.
her grub i cannot eat.
And there's no hope for a future or happiness for me.
you made me laugh like their was no tomorrow.
I love you.
a real casus belli.
Papa, I love you.
this hate rages full force towards me and only me.
My grades dropped in school and you and dad quickly arranged for a home lesson teacher.
and special salute & Thank you to the brave cops that have already identified & spoke Up Against bad cops and racist unjust practicts.
When you read this I will have committed suicide.
i sit here, falling apart, because i should have done more.
but do not do this.
It is in a terrible state because I made it when I had begun to suffer my terrible breakdown of 1940.
are you men you are soldiers then why do you stand by the constitution you back the constitution that denies your very existence.
They never knew a special one nor and they ever know love.
Meanwhile, however, "Right Marital Living" remains unindicted; it sets forth a gospel of marriage which is being preached by no other teacher in America.
We may be here to work and create but we are not here to be treated like s****.
i have preferred chloroform over cancer.
do not stop, keep winning championships and kicking ass.
i'm sorry this is short.
My apologies.
i saw many people around me from my country make mistakes so thought that the only way for me is to erase those mistakes through fighting the israeli enemy.
my last wish is that you should live your future life happily.
I've seen a number of doctors since I was a teenager to talk about other issues and I'm positive that another doctor would not have helped.
It made me hate being touched, because as long as we were separated I could view her like an outsider viewing something good and kind and untainted.
car to helen or ray.
Nothing stays, everything will fade
I'm holding a rope in my hand and want to hang myself in the shower.
i immediately told my mom, and she reacted extremely negatively, telling me that it was a phase, that i would never truly be a girl, that god does not make mistakes, that i am wrong.
they felt like i was attacking their image, and that i was an embarrassment to them.
Lois needs your help and strength.
love, repent, and see me/yourself in everyone because that's what the truth is!
I want you to understand that however little a thing that seems to you, it ruins a girts life.
I am santenced to death upon the supposition that I substituted a capsule containing five grains of morphine for one of the harmless capsules I prescribed for her ten days before her death.
I didn't.
"why the hell do you want to do something like that?" she asked.
All she has to do is write the odometer reading and sign it.
I love you guys so much.
I was expecting worse.
(The charge was "mailing an obscene book.")
Please return my body to mother.
Please stop this Index Medical College.
yet you tortured me everyday.
some who have called have said that i am a modern-day job.
I told people I was gay (at Trinity, not at Princeton), even though I wasn't attracted to men and kept finding myself interested in girls.
Remember the silly times!
i was most angry at being stuck in that room.
I love you.
The philosopher, Herodotus, argued that 'when life is so burdensome , death has become for man a sought-after refuge'.
you loved me very much.
17 more than i needed or wanted.
when i think of my hardworking mother laboring without rest i cannot die despite myself.
so much pressure is placed on the students to do well that i could not do it anymore.
i wll miss you.
This is a large part of the way that the world has gone wrong, the endless defining and dividing of things, micro-sub-categorization, sectarianism.
my heart, beginning to break.
That one charcuterie board with taleggio AND ?nduja.
Despite my hopes, love and compatibility is not enough.
please write to fran and tony and to marilyn and jim and tell them that my love and gratitude could not possibly be put into words.
i will never know.
to love you as i do and live without you is more than i can bear.
Im sorry I couldnt be more what you wanted out of me.
For no reason I could tell.
do not be sorry.
Anyone can lash out and retaliate, that is not leadership or vision.
I am so sorry I hurt you so many times though and wish there was something that would have come and taken all the bad away.
if not i will post a few more times.
i do not come to this decision lightly, however, but now that i am older, i have finally realized that there is a world of difference between living happily ever after and just living ever after.
most people end their lives because something sad has happened to them.
my god o my god pray forgive me and take care of my dear wife.
love forever.
If not for today, I think I would have made it.
Late night junk food binges.
It's great that I can move my hands.
i remember the lady shaking me and saying, "oh, my god." i remember the ambulance people taking off my clothes and making me throw up.
i miss her.. i want my family back.
while we think it so grand?
I often travel freely without restriction.
Please understand that I love you.
the reason i tried was i was angry at my mother, but when she came in she just said, "why'd you do this - to try to get attention?"
SLEEP HAVEN'T HAD ANY GOOD SLEEP FOR 5 YRS.
My issues start way back (giving up baby).
She tortures everyone but I don't know what personal problem she has with me.
caylee marie, our grand-daughter i miss her.
(Parts of this letter were written over a year ago, other parts days before doing this.)
I was roped in so that they could rob me of my property, hotel & rob papaof a person who could legally defend him.
As you read this letter (probably repeated in time) - know I am at peace.With complete certainty I believe Dad is standing watch - prepared to guide me into the light.
But tho fatal mistakes of those who self-administer morphine are matters of record all over the world.
The only thing I dread, besides the pain, is the way my family will suffer.
I took on new year eve has sucked up my life.
These things go far beyond what most are even aware of.
The catalyst this time was the loss of about everything that mattered to me.
I always felt like I was infecting anyone I was with.
i am thankful for it and i feel sorry that i gave you much trouble.
theres nothing to worry about.
I thank each and every one of you who interacted with me, in person and/or virtually, and especially those who I interacted with frequently and came to know.
I need to make sure I don't kill someone, which is not something that can be easily undone.
dear david,
But that answer isn't satisfying, so, for those who are aggrieved, upset, saddened, etc., let me do my best to try to explain.
Bless my son and my loved ones.
by then they are no more.
I'm very sorry to put you both through this.
-SoRRY ABOUT ALL this CRAZYNESS, I'VE Been MiseRABLe FoR SO LONG NOW, I HAD enougH.
the jieitai must put things right.
You've worked hard.
i was always tensed to see you worrying because of my tension.
but now that i could use some help, you wo not supply the need that was prominent when you need it.
with two jobs and full time school.
dear betty i hate you.
Dear Citizen,
i arrive,
Why couldn't you write your damn book more clearly?
My ability to make any contibution was marginalized, I was useless, and I was gone.
The Fact is, I can't fool you.
i am sorry for everything.
a CIB employee was driving.
and now good-bye: may heaven send you a death even half equal to mine in joy and unutterable bliss: that is the most heart-felt and profoundest wish that i can think of for you.
I forgive him because he is born of the same mother & father as i am.
But I just don't feel the same for him as he does for me and this has always made me feel somewhat uncomfortable aroud him.
I would like to ask a question, Could you please take this Ring # 272 and possibly make me a mother's ring for my Daughter.
Whenever I think about what happened I feel manic and itchy and can't concentrate on anything else.
I cannot fight with them forever.
#NAME?
And the majority buried.
i have had a wonderful life but it is over and my nerves get worse and i am afraid they will have to take me away.
She's just one more person in a long list of people I've hurt.
I want my mom and grand parents etc to see both children weekly it not more.
i do not think two people could have been happier than we have been.
Now there's 3 of kind.
relax - this wo not hurt"
be kind to yourselves.
I'm sorry I let you down girls I love you
we used to think thisworld wasthis world was not our home and it sure isnt.
I stood in the way for happiness for a lot of people and for them I did this.
prayed in sorrow and got up in agitation.
this is the best way.
I let him down.
jonathan called a friend of mine, who came to the apartment and broke down the door.
I feel no more pain.
I've never been able to stop thinking about what happened to me and this hampered my social interactions.
Do not revive (DNR) Do not feed under any circumstance
however that does not eradicate the fact that since that time i have realized from actions of many people that they seem to be under the impression that i am the one involved.
you have been thru "hell" with me since then.
i love you so much and know are an angel.
i cannot begin to fathom the countless agonies down the road.
to whom it may concern first everyone understand had nothing to do with nicoles murder i loved her always have and always will.
so why is this life so fucked.
you destroyed my life.
Sincerely, love cosmo
I know I will be vilified by the medin & police, unfornitly, I see my Actions as a necessary evil thAT I DO not wish to partake in, nor do I enjoy PATTAKin in, BUT MUST PATTAKE, in order to create Substantial change within America's polics force, and Judicial system.
for you, for us.
i am sorry.
i do not have much hope to see her again but who knows at least i am plunging into the void where one no longer suffers.
The allegations are baseless.
remember a friend is the sort of person you could safely entrust the proofreading of your suicide note to.
I just can't be a burden any longer.
Bye bye,
never was a man treated as a mind.
why i just am going to end eveything now this is it i need to kill myself i love many people mom and dad i love you and you did not do anything bad i hate life and this is why i have to die i am scared and i am tired of being laughted at made fun of beaten up and threatened and shit and and feeling like shit.
But at the time of joining they asked for extra 2 lakhs.
I have a habit of keeping things to myself.
Lord, thank you for making this a pretty decent day.
i can instead recall key passages.
Denied he owed me 8 crores in front of that & the way umat smiled and said which 8 crores I smell that he was also part of the team out to rob me during the present crises.
But in my trial under the PLACE state law last March, before three judges the religious question did very decidedly arise.
I love you.
He got into a lot of trouble as for me, no trouble at all.
i want to say that everybody knows it.
Just know that there was nothing you guys could have done to stop me.
This I omitted purposely, not at all certain that I could really clarify the social context in which I lived.
in the desk i have 2000 rublesuse it for taxes.
It's the same thing I do now, but instead of legos it's surfing the web or reading or listening to a baseball game.
I'm sorry for always picking on you, but I was always just joking, I love you with all of my heart and I'm sorry if I ever hurt your feelings man.
I'm doing this because over 1500 students years 7-12 are currently enrolled at the school and they need to be warned.
I tried to sign myself into different drug treatments including cornplon place detet center, seress what all of them told me that i had to be dirty (drugged up drunk) before i could check in.
Please take it.
We started high school together.
march 25 one does not kill oneself for love of a woman.
Why was I looking for hardship.
nothing happened; it seemed empty.
under the law i give him the right of presumption of innocence.
i feel disgusted when i see guys who make a fuss about the entrance examination all the time.
There are many things I would have liked to tell you but I don't want to add to your pain so let those other torments be buried with this undignified body of mine.
Then, all i needed was a great reason to get up everyday.
And by any means I cannot arrange for this amount.
NAME had my passwords fingerprint on my phone All as I was very open with her , but we always told Each other how we hated life and everything in it but I always talked her out of it
It iS an exercise in futility.
itewqa on tuesday that ithouth antoerther antoe fuckufuckfuckfuck.
i have always been a very good person, but it looks like i really got in a mess, through no real fault of my own.
Therefore I must bring the same destruction that bad cops continue to inflict upon my people, upon bad cops as well as good cops in hopes That the good cops ( which are the majority) will be able to stand together
Certain ADGP by the name of NAME has helped them in the process.
because it's not.
seriously there is nothing to be done hello.
do not feel sorry for me.
i am not afraid of pain.
merry christmas this note was pinned to a teenage boy who hanged himself behind a christmas tree.
Help me God, please?
Call her every how and then and keep her secrets like you kept mine, Help her thought her teenage, She will need an elder sister in those years.
my roommate came home and got a friend to drive me to the school infirmary, where they gave me something that made me sick to my stomach.
Which I received, of those DOS 15 years, which I now before 1-20 years.
It was perfect.
baez then refers to the third page and opines about hernandez's mental state, writing, "the third page of writing sounds like a man who had accept his fate.
I kept my patience, talked to you let you spill all your feelings.
All I can say is that I tried to be honest with people about what I thought was true.
I want (omit) to help plan everything , tell her I'm sorry and I Love her.
finals have pressured me immensely, along with a lot of other people.
Please call NAME in my phone.
dear god please have mercy on my soul please forgive me i cannot stand the pain anymore.
Most of my life has been spent feeling dead inside, waiting for my body to catch up.
You are best grandparent.
if we can enter eternal sleep we may at least have peace even if we may not enjoy happiness.
That the girls here are very ill, and that I was a commander in the army and that I'm a university student.
I remember spending hours playing with legos, having my world consist of me and a box of cold, plastic blocks.
For months they tracked me night and day wherever I went, vainly hoping to learn something detrimental to my character, and at last they arranged to have me indicted for mailing immoral literature, as they could find no other means of successfully damaging my reputation.
after six weeks of streptomycin shots and a total of eleven weeks of rest in bed we have conclusive proof that the ulcers in my bronchial tubes have not healed.
passed in great anxiety finally painted the background in the sketch after harassing about to no purpose in the heat.
man the choice is not ours now.
imagine god playing a dirty trick on me like another life!!
my wife and i choose to die in order to escape the disgrace of disposition or capitulation.
The Statewill not rest until I rot in jail.
You are beautiful - Red hair and all.
it is pretty hard for me to do anything when you are so greedy even with this house you could not even be fair with that, well it is all yours now and you wo not have to see the lawyer anymore.
B/c until this happens, we the people cannot differenciate The good from the bad.
it is just that i get before the camera and my concentration and everything i am trying to learn leaves me.
Yes, I have nowhere to go to in South Africa, but does that even matter anymore?
be happy that all the bad shit i feel is goint fo be over finally forever.
no more burden for you.
DEPRESSION BIG TIME CAN'T EAT DON'T WANNA PLAY OTTERY OR GAMES OR MUSIC.
It's the ultimate first world problem, I get it.
i have had on the contrary an exceptionally glamorous life as life goes and i have had more than my share of affection and appreciarion.
a teacher to the end the superintendent of the cleveland public schools left this postscript to his note.
i loved you and was proud of you.
If it is possible please let me know, because if so I would like to purchase one for my Daughter.
i feel guity beyond words about these things.
But I was always able to override it by forcing some common sense onto my brain, knowing I had lots of years ahead of me, and toughing it out.
as soon as i walk into a scene i lose my mental relaxation for some reason, which is my concentration.
I should have given SAT.
i will name it i am not a fag
you chose to be away from me on valentines day.
I tried very hard to raise my girls but the girls did not want to work with me Them not going to school and Megan always getting into trouble.
you always told me that i was the one that made sharon take her life, in fact you said i killed her, but you know down deep in your heart it was you that made her do what she did, and now you have two deaths to your credit, it should make you feel very proud.
I WON'T go on a date with him.
I thought at that time that I was required or hell would break loose.
I want to grow and be a good citizen and contribute to the state.
you tore my soul.
major Drug, this amounted to drugs coming from maxico, california, new york.
you say faggot faggot queer queer but you do not know anyting
deaths a sad bone bruised you'd say and yet she waits for me year after year to so delicately undo an old wound to empty my breath from its bad prison.
i was out of the hospital in about three weeks; a week of that was in the psychiatric ward, which was a real drag.
someday you will be a great wife to lee, and a fantastic mom.
if life were more a positive experience than a negative, i would stick around until infirmity set in.
The woman hating treatment.
dad i see no way out i agree with your decision i fear only that without you the world may not make it to communism.
Do not miss me.
We worked for cheap or free, we put our hearts into it.
i have had a good life.
i just wanted to find a place where i could be alone and think about things.
asshole. i will stick it up his ass asshole.
jonathan flew in from california.
My bank details and the passwords to my phones and laptops are all in the piece of paper I dropped in the drawer of your dressing table.
Please be kind to Nanny and Poppy, you wouldn't believe the things they've done for me.
After I shot husband and mother of Judge Lefkow, I had a lot of time to think about 'life and death' - killing is no fun, even though I knew I was already dead.
never stop writing, please, please.
daddy dear -
that was my Bestfriend my baby and that was no doubts or Maybes
"i have been tickling you for three days." i thought i was in heaven - it looked like some place in heaven for the misfits.
i do not really know how i made it as far as this becase i just think about being dead.
I know I'm not perfect - but I wasn't getting what I needed in a quality marriage.
Why would someone who is healthy, employed, has every outside appearance of success and so on, take their own life?
Then, I pursued replacing destruction With creation.
It is with highest regrets that I depart this family, I'm sorry for everything t've put you people through.
my last wish is that i be cremated only by my husband.
but when all usefulness is over, when one is assured of an unavoidable and imminent death, it is the simplest of human rights to choose a quick and easy death in place of a slow and horrible one.
may i take the liberty of asking your favor for my family members
i am absolutely innocent they know it and everyone will know later on but right now i cannot speak.
i am not some nutty kid who tried to knock herself off.
i am going to put myself to sleep now for a bit longer than usual.
i did it because i am fed up with inventing devices for getting through twenty four hours a day and with bridging over a few months periodically with some beautiful jntee est such as a new gal who annoyed me to the point where i forgot mv own troubles.
i may seem strong.
recently, we came to the understanding that for now we were not right for each other, at least for now.
As for NAME I only pray for better sense to prevail upon him.
I don't know what else to say except you might see me sooner than you think, or otherwise.
I don't know if this is related to what happened to me or something different.
And last but no least: Social Security Administration - a joke and a half - a "Catch 22".
yes, i am.
more important by far than such practical avoidance however is the paradoxical lifeenriching value of suicide.
I couldn't complain because I was afraid to lose him, but when he eventually left for Canada the magnitude of the emptiness in me became too heavy for me to carry.
great anxiety.
I always have and I always will, I promise.
TO force me to do these things and then participate in the ensuing coverup iS more than any government has the right to demand.
i have never been the man any of you could count on.
It iS perhaps the best break I could have hoped for.
that I have to do this.
please tell ron's folks i love them very much but my heart breaks when i see or hear from them.
You two did the best you could and I thank you for doing as much as you did.
a handful of the problems i have had this year are: teachers giving us worksheets, then not teaching while the whole class messes around, having a teacher tell we that there will he something on the final that we have not learned(and will not learn), having things on prior tests that we have either not learned or barely gone over at all, and a mean teacher who made every day i had with this teacher something i dreaded to.
and mother, i wish that you had not called me a liar, and said i was just like hap.
they know more than they have stated.
i knew i loved you = savage garden
To Whom It, may concern,
pete and i never had a love affair, although kenneth would like to drag pete into it.
I cannot ask thath for more.
dear david,
be glad i am at least free from the misery of the bronchoscopy.
all this is sickening.
would not it be neat if i were to take the gun pull it out on the ait live and blow myself away.
We each carry it within us, we share it with each other.
No single conversation or situation has led me to make this decision, so at what point do you metaphorically pull the trigger?
maybe it is the end.
These are my last words to you.
First responders,
it was so long ago, or was i ever happy .
Tell her its not her fault, I wanted to see my Mom.
till the last moment.
no more i will pay the bills.
it is our wish for our bodies to be cremated immediately on the place where i have performed the greater part of my daily work during twelve years of service to my people.
To me, c
i guess you could say i have a call.
Despite the nerves, I am ready.
Why do I keep losing my memories.
i am making my final exit in a few minutes, after i post this letter and finish my suicide note.
My counsel was not permitted to present in evidence circulars which showed that as far back as 1898 and 1899, I was accustomed to state in print that any applicants for oral instruction upon marriage who were under 21 would have to produce written consent from a parent or a guardian.
it's all about how great i am.
it will not give way.
Please don't say anything you don't know.
Further complicating matters iS the repeated and severe brain injuries to which I was subjected, whiCh they seem to be expending no effort into understanding.
i know you cannot understand, and i do not expect you to.
Please have ne cremated.
I could spend pages talking about the other relationships I've had that were ruined because of my problems and my confusion related to the darkness.
i take it as a sign from god that throughout the months of my imprisonment he allowed me the means to free myself from this mortal coil and that this means was never discovered.
perhaps some of you who are hurting will find something useful here.
It's what I want.
For a while I thought I was gay.
i am glad to be here.
He berated me for suffering and grieving with depression over the death of our infant son.
It is very sad on the part of the supervising officials that such a thing happened, I understand that Rules are Rules, but bending them for a good purpose should be legitimate.
last may i told you that after the trial i would give you the story of the decade.
theres a corpse in here.
sorry.
cremate me.
You are too cute and smart.
Even in Paradise I cannot be as happy as I might, unless you share with me this beautiful knowledge.
The judge must surely know this; and since he is evidently determined to not only totally suppress my work, but to place me where only death can release me, I consider myself justified in choosing for myself, as did Socrates, the manner of my death.
Although it is a decision taken in haste.
it's plenty fish in the ocean but you always kept my mind open
i do it so it feels like hell.
My time with you was the best I ever had.
I for sure know somewhere in my heart that you had a special place in your heart for me.
the name calling, the rumors and the threats!
simplest and cheapest would be to use the body in a university dissecting laboratory.
i loved this house once but now it is so full of memories i cannot stay here.
Tom, I want you to have my car unless Lois needs it.
Take case of NAME, She will be very lonely after me.
Living a life of false accusation is worse than living handicapped.
I QUIT
i am so cold.
it is a vicious circle from which there seems no escape.
All anger should be directed towards me.
"i am depressed .
i may be in very serious trouble.
i am so sorry i was not good enough for you or this school.
please think of the real o.j.
extraordinary pulse running well.
I do not want my mother or father to think that it was anything they did that lead me to kill myself.
i question their judgmental glares as i wonder,
I think the conspirators particularly NAME got cohiff of the thing.
at end my last wish to tham please help my famliy
On the night of the DATE, while detained at Brook House, I tried to commit suicide using a TV cable , but I couldn't find a place to lynch myself from.
Any blame rests with them.
Or cremote it, whatever is cheapest.
I have experienced love and the joy and heartache of raising a child.
That is basically all we give to our brave soldiers heading over to Iraq, and more than they receive when they return.
the jieitai is unconstitutional you are all unconstitutional do not you understand will any of you rise with me you will not rise.
i miss her so much.
Amber is also been missing school lately on Mon and tuesday and some Wednsday every other week.
AGAIN I LOVE YOU BOBBY VERY MUCH.
Sue if you want a memorial service for me.
i think of my life and feel i have done most of the right things.
No big mystery - simply that we try to help each other.
his reasons seem to go beyond protest.
who knows i do not care.
theyre not crying fmm pain it is just a little bitter tasting theyre not crying out of any pain.
slept horribly.
I AM SO SAD - I have ruined your life - but it will be proved I didnt do these awful things, I hope the DNA test helps show that - there is plenty of mony for you - the lower left [desk] drawer has investments - get Jim Pauls to sort it out for you - and Tom too - I am sorry Lori, to have you lose 2 dads this way - I love you and your mom - Tell Lois to have some fun, finally - I would like Joe Ventolo to have my radios + computer stuff - he is a good friend
what did i provide?
i never really had any plans of leaving a note.
Parents who claim not to be racist but then talk about the horrors of miscegenation.
I don't know what life feels like where I'm apart from any of this.
Badly I FEEL FOR HIS BURDEN, I AM LEAVING YOU WITH HERE.
I've isolated two things I need: a person and a purpose.
I LOVE MY FRIENDS YOU ARE FAMILY GOD LOVES ALL PEOPLE NO MATTER WHAT
it is like they beat the hellout of me with their stupid words.
physically emotionally-it was just to much.
I have accepted that the darkness will never allow me to be in a relationship.
somebody do something."
Why do I have to be hurt by so many Christians?
Though I did not participate willingly, and made what I thought was my best effort to Stop these events, there are same things that a person Simply can not came back from.
I suppose I will write for some time, then turn the car back on roll down the windows and sleep close my eyes fall asleep and never wake back up.
NOTHING happens.
Keepers Murphy and Hulze and other prison otlicials will bear me out.
I will never go to sleep with someone in my arms, feeling the comfort of their hands around me.
the next one cannot be expected for 100 years.
I refuse to finance the mass murder of innocent civilians, who did nothing to threaten our country.
i wil commit suicide and i will have peace and be freed.
If I had never met her, I would have realized this as soon as I met someone else who I meshed similarly well with.
the knot of pink ribbon which you wore on your bosom the first time that i saw you surrounded by the children oh kiss them a thousand times for me and tell them the fate of their unhappy friend i think i see them playing around me.
GOOD BYE
i feel the effects now.
Anything Sichuan ma la, but that goes without saying.
may be i was wrong, all the while, in understanding world.
The decent thing to do, what is that?
I just lost my girlfriend and my kid she thought everyone was going to bash her like her Friends did
At least in my case it is prompted by a vague sense of anxiety, a vague sense of anxiety about my own future.
i wish you would you give my personal things to danny, you could not get much from selling them anyway, you still have my insurance, it is not much but it will be enough to take care of my debts and still have a few bucks left.
despair and depression,
The liar title will haunt me forever.
i love you to death but i just could not do it anymore.
I tried my hardest, but always slacked in some area.
the future is just old age and pain.
i love you mom and dad because even though you did not undertand may be you loved me and said i was fine and you would help me but at school it was like being in hell.
give this note to the cops.
i only ask that you tell my school i killed myself so maybe next time people like c.h and j.j wants to call someone ..... , he wo not.
Our weeding.
Some great work to do.
It's because of my character.
so i will leave this unsigned.
Gricide a actor.
You denied her her babies - and you denied us our mother's love.
this person should be responsible for my death... n they should composite my family with 2 cr
this teacher was beyond strict.
She wouldn't tell to anyone because she knows that my trust is hard earn and easy to lose and that If she does tell anyone then I wouldn't tell her anything and will be left with no one to confide In.
as a father, i could not give you much, hence leaving you alone.
i have carried out my act of immolation as a protest against johnsons war in vietnam.
ltd bust my ass at a job, but the company would fail, the economy would drop out, the campaign would lose...or it would win and leave me behind.
As individuals we may exist alone, but we are all alone together as a people.
I was trying to protect my guys that day.
i do not understand.
he cared.
Check That Garbage connection.
lemme give you a moment to like put your hand over your mouth or cry or smth i dont know.
